Chapter 1
“Lily there’s a boy at the door!”
The ginger haired girl quickly looks over her shoulder at her sister then back outside through the glass of the front door.
“Two of them!”
Both boys had curly dark brown or black hair, it was hard to tell in the dark as it had to have been well past 1am already, one had large round glasses and his hair was a bit messier than the other’s whose fell over his ears almost to his shoulders, his hair was longer than her own that was cut into a sharp bob that came down to her jaw and was currently in the smallest little pigtails to ever be seen. Her sister came running down as she got a better look at the boys. She could only see the eyes of the one without glasses and noticed his eyes were an odd color, like there was no color in them at all. That boy waved at her coolly as Lily looked out the kitchen window. The one with glasses knocked again. Rose opened the door this time afraid the noise might wake someone as they had all already been rather loud. Lily finally joined her at the door, shut it gently behind her and whisper yelled
“Potter! What are you doing here?!”
Potter…that same name had passed her sister’s lips half a hundred times…when she was complaining. Her sister whispered the next part even quieter
“In a Muggle village no less…” “Nice to see you too, Evans” The grey-eyed one did not seem to be this “Potter” said.
“No it is not nice, it’s far too late!” She paused “Too early…and how did you find my house? How did you get—“
The boy interjected playfully, “So many questions! They can all be answered if you come with us.” He said with a smile.
His smile was unnerving.
“Come with you? Why on earth would I come with you?” “To have fun of course! What else are you going to do until morning? That’s all we ask, when the sun comes up will take you home!” Potter finally spoke, he had been standing there looking half afraid of Lily up till then.
The other finished speaking for him. “The sun will be up in a few hours, but if you’re too scared to walk around your own neighborhood at night—“ “Black, what would your mum say about this?!” “You don’t know my mother.” “I know she must be proper!” “He’s staying with me for the night and MY mum is just fine.” Potter said proudly. “By that I’m sure you mean she doesn’t know where you are- and think’s you’re sleeping” Lily grumbled.
Sleeping…sleeping like the elderly woman upstairs who is babysitting them for the night as their mother is out of town. Rose finally speaks up.
“Oh come on Lily let’s just go!” “Let’s- even if I went I can’t just let you come along!” “No! If you’re going I’m going or I will tell Mum!”
The black haired boy- who now had a name, which was Black(seemed fitting) whispered to the other just loud enough that Rose could still hear it. “It’s what Regulus would say, are all little siblings the same?”
Rose spoke again, louder and with more confidence. “I’m going. I’m going to get dad’s jacket.”
And with that she hurriedly(but still quietly) made her way up the stairs to get the worn and oversized black leather jacket her father had left her, when he left, or died, or disappeared, they couldn’t be sure. She put on the jacket that fit her more like a coat and hurried back down the stairs to find Lily slipping on shoes and choosing to go without a coat of her own. Rose followed her lead and they gently shut the door behind them.
“Now-“ Black, spoke as the group began their walk. “I believe we should have a proper introduction, yeah?”
He turned to Rose and held out his hand for her to take. “Sirius Black.”
Before she could however the other boy took her hand to shake it wildly. “And I’m James! James Potter.”
Sirius made a tsk sound as Rose spoke. “I’m Rose, Evans obviously.” “Lily, Rose, and your other sister is Petunia, you all have flower names, how…cute” Sirius said, but the word cute did not seem to have been spoken as a compliment. “And you’re named after a star right?” Rose spoke sweetly. “Yes I am.” He responded proudly. “How…pretentious.”
His proud look faltered and James burst into stifled laughter. With that the two girls followed them out into the darkness, walking along the road with the neighborhood street lights shining down on them causing their shadows to dance across the pavement.
“I must ask, Potter, what is exactly your plan for this adventure?” “Well! So good of you to ask Lily! We are going to watch the sunrise”James said looking proud of the idea. How romantic. Gross. Sirius spoke up then. “Maybe from a cliff or hill somewhere. If you two would lead the way. You are from here.”
And lead the way they did, not that James didn’t speed up each time Lily did in an attempt to be next to her, which eventually did work as Lily got bored of out-walking him. Leaving the two of them in front having their own conversation.
“What did Lily mean when she said your mum was proper? Are you a pureblood?”
The line of questioning seemed to sour the boy’s mood. “James and I are from purebred families, yes, I don’t think that matters though.” There was a pause, and he spoke again.
“I like your jacket” She brightened up at the mention of it. “Thanks! It’s too big but it was my dad‘s, I ca— oh!” She exclaimed pointing, “Look! I didn’t even realize we’d gotten so close to that park, it has a field nearby that should have a great view of the sunrise!”
James and Lily had seemingly made the same realization moments before as he had her hand in his practically dragging the girl to take the two swings that were available.
“Hey! No fair Potter, I want to swing too!” Rose yelled at the boy and he hopped up not a second later. “That’s alright! I’ll push Lily!”Lily groaned but didn’t verbally complain as he pushed her on the swing. As the girls swag Sirius leaned against one of the poles of the swing set, watching as James Potter beamed at Lily.
Some time had passed when Sirius spoke up and said something the girls didn’t quiet understand through the sound of wind and the creaking swing set.
“What?!” “I said! The suns coming up!”
Lily jumped right out of her swing and Rose waited for hers to come to a stop before stepping out. James was already running towards the fore mentioned field. “Oi! Hurry up!”
They each join him in running, and once the sun was just peeking out of the horizon Sirius grabbed the lot of them and pulled all of them down to the ground, causing a few giggles to escape Lily as they all plopped down. Each laying there in the grass and taller, drier plants to watch the sun come up, mere days before they would return to Hogwarts and Rose would attend for the first time. Lily hopped she had prepared her little sister for the journey ahead.
The walk back was different, there was a new level of camaraderie and the pink sky shined down on the group hazily. Like an almost translucent pink fog was engulfing them as they walked back to the Evans residence. They almost never woke this early but a pit began to grow in Roses stomach as they neared the resistance. A pit that was set aflame when they were greeted by their sister Petunia’s disapproving gaze. She was waiting on them at the door and that seemed to alert the boys as they made quick of their goodbyes and took off running in the opposite direction. Rose yelled a simple reply back to them
“I won’t snitch! I promise! I promise I won’t tell! No matter what!”
It’s said with a happy look on her face, a laugh almost burst from her as she moved towards the door. Suddenly less afraid.
Sirius smiles and James pulls the boy to his side, pulling something out of a bag Rose had only just now noticed, he slipped it over them and they seemed to instantly disappear into thin air. Petunia had already begun berating her younger sisters but Rose was not really listening, she was just looking back at the empty spot where the boys had been as the door came to a close behind her.


Chapter 2
“No Lily I really do like it! Petunia was just being a prat!” 
Rose exclaimed as Lily tugged at the ends of her long hair again, looking into her reflection via a window of the train beside them, it was in two pigtail braids with small red ribbons tying them off at the bottom on each side.
“At the very least that Potter boy will love it!”
This made Lily grumble but at least her moment of insecurity was forgotten. As they boarded the Hogwarts Express Rose looked around for anyone they might know and did come across two familiar faces. James potter and Sirius Black were in a trolly car with two other boys, between the boys, their luggage and all the snacks their car was filled but Rose still wanted to say hello, Lily did not. Just as James waved her way frantically Lily whispered a goodbye to Rose.
“I’m going to sit with Sev, you’ll be alright on your own for now?” “Yeah of course! I wanna make new friends.”
Lily took the reassurance well and walked off to sit with her friend, a friend Rose was not particularly fond of but didn’t quite hate either. 
“Sorry James, looks like she was just leaving” Rose said with a small smile. “But I wanted to say hello.” “I see little Evans has glasses now” Sirius said taking a look at her. “I’ve had them. Just didn’t wear them that night that’s all. I don’t particularly like them sometimes.” “They look like mine! Are you saying you don’t like mine?!” “…that’s precisely what I’m saying Potter.” She said, sounding a bit like Lily.
She did sound like Lily, and look like Lily, but she tried not to. Only being a year younger made it hard for them to be distinguished so she was actually rather grateful for her glasses, despite thinking they took away from her face, it was round and her bob framed it rather perfectly. She was wearing their father’s jacket under her robes that she had already put on. Ready to arrive at Hogwarts the moment she stepped on the train. Her and Lily had shopped for supplies for the year together and it was all rather exciting. Rose had picked out a wand during a trip to Diagon Alley. It was rosewood which felt fitting, with a dragon heartstring. The wand itself was dark, rose thorns prickling the length of it up to the handle which was smooth. Lily had labeled it a little “spooky” but it was just what Rose wanted.
“I should go though, it’ll be a bit harder to find an empty seat now, bye!” She quickly turned around and began walking the isles to find any near empty seat, she had bumped into the legs of a tall boy with long blonde hair, so blonde it looked white and mumbled an apology before moving past him, he simply looked down at her as if her existence itself annoyed him.
Eventually she came upon a trolly car empty expect for one boy sitting in it, “Are any of these seats taken?”
The boy looked up from his book and familiar colorless eyes looked up at her. His face was angular and his hair tidy. Jet black. His clothes were far better than hers, not like she cared about that though. Her clothes were comfortable and reminded her of home, his looked stiff, not to mention dreary and dark.
“No.” “May I sit?” “Yes.” And he looked back at his book.
They sat in silence for a while, but this was going to be a long train ride and unless he had spare books he was willing to share she was not going to sit quietly. “I’m Rose Evans.”
She said with a smile extending her hand to him, she had taken the seat directly in front of him. He looked at the hand and sat his book in his lap, open faced as to save the page. “Regulus Black.”
She had heard that name, Sirius had been making fun of her youngest sibling antics and he mentioned him. “I believe I know your brother.” She said, smile still not falling, a look of- “oh no” passed the boy. When be spoke his accent was like Sirius and James’. Posh and nice to listen to, though he already didn’t seem like someone to say a whole lot. “I don’t believe I recognize your family name.” He eventually responded.
In this moment Rose remembered another thing Sirius had said to her that day, he mentioned their blood status and how he didn’t really care— being as his brother seemed to disapprove of his older sibling in some way…
“I’m from a Muggle household” she said as if it was a warning. “So if you’re going to be a tosser about that, best do it now so I can find a new seat before they are all full.”
Much to her surprise he didn’t, in fact he didn’t say anything at all, simply went back to his book, stealing glances at her in moments when he thought she was not looking, more often than not she was looking. She decided to make the most of her alone time, pulling out a journal to write down tips Lily had given her verbally, things like: “make new friends” “keep me updated” “study but don’t forget to have fun” were obvious and she knew she would follow them, however there was a bit of advice Lily bad given she knew she would simply have to ignore, “Avoid the “Marauders”, they are trouble”. They did seem like trouble. But trouble seemed fun.
She doodled and and hummed to herself a bit until the snack trolley was rolled by,
“Care for a chocolate frog, dear?” The sweet looking lady pushing the cart asked. “Two actually.” She said and paid for them. This got the boys attention.
“Two?” “One for me and one for you. I’ve heard it’s more about the card than the frog anyway, you could go drop the frog on your brothers head for all I care” She said matter-of-factly.
And much to her surprise(again) he   laughed  . This boy with a face of stone and eyes like fog laughed, he at least seemed to have a sense of humor. “I’m sure Sirius would find that horrendous. He cares far too much about his hair, wants it just messy enough.” “Lily too! Can’t be too cute, or too grown up, I just wack mine off, it’ll be curly one day, straight the next.” She said with a smile. “Now open it I want to know what you get!” She continued.
He did as instructed, and the little frog did in fact hop away.
“Merwyn the Malicious ,  he was famous for having seven squib sons and turning them into hedgehogs.” He said. “Regarded as a rather evil wizard” He continued.
“Well, that is rather cruel…but also kind of funny to think of a evil wizard with a herd of hedgehogs!” Rose said.
“I suppose it is…what’s yours?”
She opened her frog and held him in between her fingers. “No you don’t, both of you can’t get away I would like some chocolate.”
She said before the bewitchment wore off and she broke the frog into two pieces, handing him one before taking a bite of the other. Then taking a look at her card. “Herpo the Foul…maybe we should buy a few more these seem to be rare!” She exclaimed. She didn’t recognize this wizard but his name was followed by “the foul” so she couldn’t expect anything too pleasant.
“He’s an Ancient Greek wizard. He created the Basilisk. A large snake-like creature.” The boy said.
“Oh…that’s actually pretty interesting. I’m guessing you know from reading.” “Yes. Which I’ll continue now.”
And he did, for a while, Rose took to looking out the window and making note of anything interesting she saw. Eventually she was interrupted out of her own little world. She had almost fallen asleep she was so calm.
“Has anyone ever described you as sanguine?” Regulus asked. Seemingly out of the blue, it must have plagued him as he tried to read. “No…I don’t think so…what does that mean?”
“Positive or optimistic, especially when in a rather compromising or uncomfortable situation.” He said. She took that as his way of giving a compliment. He spoke again.
“It also means the color red”.


Chapter 3
“Aren’t you sacred?”
Rose asked, it was darker out now, not late enough for the stars to come out fully but enough for the world to darken. Save for a lantern that wobbled between them. Regulus looked back over at her.
“No. Boat’s a bit small though. Might tip over if you move too much.” “Oh don’t say that.”
Rose looked around, the other students in similar boats to their own, the same lantern lighting their way across Black Lake. The view alone was breathtakingly frightening, not to mention the creatures she could see through the darkness in the deep water…
“You know the Slytherin common room extends under the lake, you can see it from the windows inside. It’s literally under the water.” “Wait really?!” 
Rose said swinging her body back to look at him, shaking the boat. 
“Yes. Really.” He said, pausing before speaking again. “And I’d like to look at the merpeople form there, not swim with them. Be still.” 
A huff escaped Rose but she stilled, not particularly wanting to drown on the way to Hogwarts either. When they arrived they were all lead from their boats to large doors, then through those doors to an even larger area, stone staircases littered the room, tall ceilings and walls were outfitted with candles and light fixtures. Statues and other artwork decorated the room as well. The group of excited first years seemed to grow louder and louder until a small cat walked out in front of them near the top of the staircase, then before their very eyes this cat transformed into a woman. She wore green velvet robes over a high-necked black dress and her hair was in a tight bun. The beginnings of grey prickling at her roots. That alone silenced the group. 
“Welcome, I am professor McGonagall. The sorting shall begin soon, right this way.” 
Following behind her into the Great Hall was in a word- magical. There were long tables filled with the other students, all wearing ties from their respective houses. Red, blue, yellow, and green. Empty plates and cutlery were set out in front of the students, cups as well. Rose looked along the walls, her eyes met statues holding fire and candles floating- really floating in the air. She wondered if it was a tad dangerous to have candles floating above the students waiting for the feast below, did hot wax not drip down on them? Looking past the candles up to the ceiling she was met with the night sky, stars had begun to shine on the bewitched ceiling. As they reached the end of the hall, the woman who could turn into a cat, Professor McGonagall, grabbed an old leather hat. It was pointy but it’s point had slumped over. It was full of wrinkles and had most definitely been placed on too many heads. 
A few kids were called up one by one and sorted into their houses, and Rose began to wonder which of the four she might end up in. She didn’t feel particularly brave like a Gryffindor, intelligent like a Ravenclaw, or kind like a Hufflepuff, and come to think of it, she didn’t know much about Slytherin at all. Other than that the boy she had rode on the train and boat with seemed rather sure that’s were he was going. Thus far the hat had sorted quite a bit of hufflepuffs. It would speak aloud at times, making a comment on where to sort the child whose head it sat on. 
Rose wondered how accurate the hat could be, could it see into the depth of your being or did you just make a wish and it put you were you wanted? Are we not always what we want to be? And what if someone changed a great deal over time, could this old, magic, talking hat see into the future? 
She was pulled out of her thoughts when the boy standing next to her began walking up to the stool that sat next to the professor holding the hat. Rose watched as Regulus sat and the hat was placed on his head. It lingered there longer than anyone seem to expect it to. It questioned aloud the idea of putting him in Ravenclaw, saying he had a good head on his shoulders. Him and his brother across the room both shared a horrified look at that. The hat decided he was not creative or wise enough for Ravenclaw and he seemed offended but also relieved. 
“Best put you where you want. For your own good.” The hat said and then yelled “Slytherin!” 
Glancing back over at Sirius he had a look of both relief and perhaps pity on his face as his younger brother was directed over to the Slytherin table. At the table Rose also noticed the tall blonde boy from the Hogwarts Express, she remembered his look of distain at her and questioned if that table was going to be nice at all. Not so many names later and hers was was called. 
“Rose Evans” 
The professor said in a voice Rose was not yet sure if she found pleasant or not. She walked up to the stool and sat. Pulling at her skirt to straighten it. Then the hat was placed on her head, it covered her eyes and most of her face. She couldn’t really see with it on so she closed her eyes, hearing as the hat spoke to her. It hummed as in deep thought out loud but spoke to her. Only her in her ears.
“Ah  yes”  the hat spoke in her mind. “You enjoy plants miss, but can’t seem to keep them alive.” The hat hummed. “You collect butterflies? Pretty things, but you collect them after they die.” The hat said. Was this hat mocking her? Just put me where I belong! She wanted to say. 
It finally spoke aloud. “Younger siblings grow up with a natural loyalty.” Was she going to be another hufflepuff? “And! a need to prove themselves.”
“SLYTHERIN!” 
Shock. She was shocked. Shocked and led over to the table with the rude boy and her trolley mate, Regulus. She looked over at Lily, and James, and Sirius, and the other two boys from the train. There was no questioning the look on Sirius’ face this time around. 
 Disappointment  . 


Chapter 4
“Evan Rosier”
Rose overheard an older Slytherin boy introduce himself to Regulus. He seemed to already know a few of them, she didn’t catch the names of most but there was one, once again older, black haired boy who she thought she heard get called Barty. She figured if someone named Barty could be a Slytherin so could she. Though, like most of them from what she had gathered, this Barty was a pureblood. Rose had already decided it was best to keep her blood status to herself, though it would eventually be asked about.
At this time Rose took one final look at her sister at the Gryffindor table, who gave a reassuring smile. She finally sat down at her own table as the sorting hat finished with it’s final student. Now that sorting the first years was concluded a man with the longest beard she had ever seen stepped forward and got everyone’s attention, he made a short speech about what to expect and what not to do. His speech ended with “Let the feast begin”.
Food seemed to appear before their eyes, filling all the empty plates that lined the tables of the great hall. Rose grabbed for some baked apples at the same time as the girl sitting next to her, also a first year. The girl had a creamy dark complexion and curly black hair. Her eyes were big, brown, and bright. She moved her hand and let the girl add some of the apples to her plate and took the opportunity to introduce herself, first name only.
“They look really good. I’m Rose.” She said with as inviting of a smile she could. Now adding some to her own plate.
“Odette Meadows”
Odette Meadows had to be the prettiest name Rose had ever heard.
“May I call you Ode?”
“Oh I love that! It sounds so…Ravenclaw!”
The girls shared a laugh at that, perhaps Rose was not the only one feeling unsure of where that dusty old hat had put her. She didn’t feel like a Slytherin from what she had seen of them up to this point but she also didn’t seem to fit in any of the other houses either.
“So do you like baked apples because you like apples or because you like cinnamon?” Odette asked.
“Cinnamon! How’d you know?” Rose took a bite then continued. “I add cinnamon to my tea every morning, black tea with honey and cinnamon. You’ll get use to the smell.”
The girls finished their dinner along with the rest of the students. Rose waved a goodbye to Regulus as she and the other first year girls got up and followed their prefect past the common room to the female dorms.
The dorms were in fact under the lake, and under the castle, the Slytherin dorms were in the dungeons. The girls dormitory held their beds, each with green silk curtains that could be shut for privacy. There were silver lanterns throughout the room and tapestries on the walls as well as many snake emblems. A slight green hue came from the windows and the room felt cold. The soft sounds of fire from the common room and the lake moving against the windows would surely make sleep rather easy in these rooms. She noticed there wasn’t much of a smell to the dorms.
Their luggage had already been placed beside their respective beds along with their uniform for the coming day. It looked as if there was going to be four girls in this room. The other two seemed content enough talking amongst themselves without paying Rose or Ode any mind so they both began to unpack silently.
Rose started by taking the card from the chocolate frog she had gotten on the train out of her pocket and placing it on the the stand next to her bed. She looked at the card for a moment and wondered if Herpo the Foul would have been a Slytherin— if that was a thing in Ancient Greece.
She then began to unpack her bags, placing things like clothes and toiletries in their appropriate places before getting to her more personal items like her small travel-friendly house plants or other trinkets.
The sorting hat was right, she was horrible at keeping plants alive so half of them were fake but she liked the way they looked and it brought some life to the dreary room. She had started with all live plants, slowly she would replace the dead ones with fake ones, she felt that eventually she would be unpacking all fake plants. They were green but a brighter green than her surroundings and it made her feel lighter and more at home. She also placed several candles of varying sizes on her bedside table to give some warm light, she was sure that when lit the light would bounce across the silk of her bed curtains beautifully. Lastly she placed another item the sorting hat had mentioned on her nightstand, a dried moth in a glass frame. It was a common emerald moth, and not very large. The hat had said she collected butterflies, which was only half true. She found the preserved bugs to be very pretty and it reminded her of how they frightened Lily.   At home if Lily or Petunia were to spot an insect and their mother wasn’t home it was Rose who would scoop up the poor creature and set it free.   The little things we do for the people we love.   She would never harm the bugs, there was no need for that, nothing to gain. She had come across this specific preserved bug while visiting a museum with her family, it’s frame was smoother then, it sat perfectly in the gift shop. She took care of it but time had dulled the wood a bit.
Once she had finished unpacking and flopped down onto her bed Odette spoke to her from across the room on her own bed, she had finished unpacking her things a little while earlier.
“You said your name was Rose? What about your surname?”
“Evans, I’m Rose Evans.” Rose said, a bit nervous how the girl might react if she somehow knew of her blood status.
“Evans…that sounds so familiar! You wouldn’t happen to have an older sister in Gryffindor would you? Lily Evans?”
She knew Lily? Does this mean she wouldn’t mind?
“Yeah, that’s my sister. Last year was her first year.”
“Really?! I have an older sister in Gryffindor too! In your sister’s year, her name is Dorcas!” 
Rose got up from her own bed and walked up to Ode’s, waiting there a moment before Ode invited her to sit with her.
“We both have sisters in Gryffindor, a boy who- I think is my friend has a brother there as well, all in the same year, we should visit them! Or prank them! We should prank our sisters!”
Rose was shushed simultaneously by both the other two girls, one also mumbled something about how they shouldn’t visit second year Gryffindors. Rose apologized as she was being rather loud, and spoke quieter. She also knew the remark was in the girl’s own interest as well. Apparently each house can gain points throughout the year, or lose points, based on things the individuals within the houses did. If they were to get in trouble for any reason the whole house suffered not only them.
“We could turn their hair green, or maybe their ties- that would be less hurtful.”
“But how would we even do that? We don’t really know much magic yet.”
“We don’t need magic, decent sneaking skills and some muggle food dye should do the trick!” She whisper yelled. 


Chapter 5
The sun came sooner than expected. Rose and Ode had been outside when it started to rise and a warm almost green haze placed itself across the grounds. They had taken to exploring the castle and beyond hours ago instead of going back to bed after completing their mission(they had decided to try and color their sisters’ hair). All the while hiding from the the caretaker who was called Flich who had a large cat with red eyes on the lookout for students who were meant to be in bed. She wondered if this cat of his was also really a human that could transform like the professor from earlier that day or just a regular cat.
Rose had come to realize that she quite liked being awake till dawn, or at dawn, with a bit of sleep. Seeing the sun come up and feeling that odd burst of energy that will definitely faultier as the day goes on is nice in it’s own way. In any case the extra sleepiness was worth it, because this had been her first night at Hogwarts and it was well spent.
Sneaking through the corridors and into the kitchens with the help of some information Ode had learned from a second year Hufflepuff about tickling a pear painting, they got the food coloring they needed and added it to a sleeping Lily’s hair with the help of a silencing charm, some hair conditioner, and a very steady and cautious hand.
It was decided not to try the same on Odette’s sleeping sibling as their makeshift hair dye would probably not change Dorcas’ dark hair, and if it did she would just think it looked cool and be happy about it, which in pranking is generally not the goal.
They had been given maps to get around but the grounds were very confusing even so, they did manage to find a few spots of note on their journey throughout the night, including the astronomy tower. Upon using it as it’s meant to be used the pair noticed the stars were bright and beautiful but the moon was missing all together, a new moon. The stars seemed to shine brighter for it and did so all night.
The night had ended but, it led them to where they were now, quietly slipping back into Hogwarts. The girls made their way to the dungeons surprisingly easy considering the castle was beginning to stir with life as the morning aged.
Odette whispered the password as they reached the stretch of stone that made up the entrance to the Slytherin common room and dorms beyond. They were greeted by their other two roommates, one a blond girl who was rather short sitting up in her bed and the other with a light olive skin tone who was already up getting ready. Her hair was tidy and her cheeks were rosy, overall it seemed her roommates were all rather pretty. The blonde girl’s name was Stephone, Rose had learned that from Odette who seemed to already know far more people than she did.    
“You were out early.” Stephone said, without any real tone to her voice. She was simply stating a fact after all.
“We were, but we’re back now and all went well.” Rose said as she walked over to her things to begin putting on the rest of her uniform as well as her father’s leather jacket before adding the robes over top.
“And no one but you seemed to notice, being as we are in the same house that shouldn’t be a problem. Wouldn’t want to lose any points.” Rose said while giving her hair a comb through with her fingers and heading to the bathroom to brush her teeth. After she put her wand and some lip balm in her robe pockets and waved to Odette before heading out to the Great Hall for breakfast.
She would have waited for her new friend but wanted to see Lily so she had little time to spare. As for breakfast she grabbed a teacup and a green apple taking bites of it as she added the ingredients into the hot water that appeared before her, a teabag, milk, some honey from a glistening glass container and a shake of cinnamon. She added a final drizzle of honey to the last few bites of her apple before discarding the core on the plate in front of her and sipping on her tea.
The Great Hall had filled by the time she finished and made her way over to the Gryffindor table where Lily, with an obvious green hue to her long hair was berating the “marauders”.
“I swear Lily! It wasn’t me! I would never harm your pretty hair! Not that this isn’t pretty! You’re still—“
“Oh shut up Potter! I know you or   both   of you did this”
Lily hissed at James and Sirius who was sitting next to him throwing his head back laughing with the same fervency that could only be matched by a little kid.
That is until Rose in her Slytherin robes came up behind her sister to place her head on the taller girl’s shoulder. That quieted him.
“It seems green suits   both   of us Lily!”
“Rose don’t tell me YOU did this?!”
“You’ll get me back over the summer, besides I’m sure there’s a magical fix for it.”
Sirius seemed to change his mind on how funny it was then, his expression made it seem like it was absolutely atrocious of her. He rolled his eyes and spoke up.
“You would do that to your sister?”
“Sisters do things like this, yes. You have a brother, you would know. Plus It’ll wash out.”
She felt a bit defensive as he seemed to think it was funny when he thought James or some other person did it.
The boy next to him prickled at her statement. 
He had curly brown hair, the shortest hair out of the four boys. He also had a myriad of scars on his face that seemed to venture past his neck, he wore a soft, comforting looking sweater under his robes but something about him made Rose feel the boy wearing it was not as soft as the sweater appeared.
The fourth boy wore a soft looking sweater as well but unlike the latter this boy’s whole being seemed soft. He had dirty blonde hair and pretty eyes, he was a bit chubby and very cute. This boy and Sirius seemed like opposites in this moment.
“Oh?” Sirius asked over-exaggeratedly with a hint of sass.
Then he continued.
“So   cunning   of you too notice. Seems you really earned that green tie.”


Chapter 6
 How dare he?
Rose thought about what Sirius had just said to her as the bells chimed telling the students they were meant to leave the Great Hall and begin heading to their classes. Rose exited the area and began walking down the hall as she felt a presence beside her, a boy from the table, the one who seemed to cringe when she mentioned Regulus to Sirius. Someone who’s name she still did not know.
“You don’t seem very pleased.” He said.
“We have your friend to thank for that.” She responded, maybe a bit too bitterly.
“…..I’m Rose by the way.” She continued in a nicer tone, she was sure he had gathered that already but wanted to properly introduce herself.
“Remus Lupin.”
Remus walked with his hands in his pockets, there was an aura of sleepiness or disinterest about him, and he smelled nice. That paired with his scars made him seem like the type of person anyone could find intriguing.
“Well despite how it may seem, it’s nice to meet you Remus.”
He nodded in agreement.
“I really thought James and Sirius had started on pranks early.” He said with- a smile. Not what Rose had expected. She chuckled lightly.
“Yeah, I probably should have gotten more sleep but I’m sure I’ll spend plenty of nights awake if it’s as nice as it was last night, I wonder how well guarded the library is after hours….”
“Not well enough, you spend enough time in there and I’m sure we’ll cross paths again” He said before stifling a yawn.
“In any case, I’ll see you around.”
“Yeah! See you around.”
 Rose replied as he walked off into a classroom she assumed was his first class of the day as she made her way to her own.
Which just happened to be charms. A good subject to start off the day. The professor seemed energetic despite the time. Rose was glad for this at first, but as the class went on and her own energy stores depleted she was not as grateful that she would no longer match his energy. The class was interesting anyway, and they practiced an actual charm that day! Though she couldn’t make her quill float like most of the other students she enjoyed bringing out her wand in her very first class on her first day! She even got a compliment on the look of her wand from a boy as they were packing up their things to go to their next class.
Her next class was History of Magic, which wasn’t boring, Rose had always loved history especially history about magic, but when you consider that in her first class she got to learn a levitation spell this one was significantly harder to focus in. Even so Rose took plenty of notes and annotated them with little doodles to keep herself awake.
This time when the bells chimed it was to signify that lunch would soon begin in the Great Hall, which she was thankful for, knowing food would supply her with more energy.
Rose had wanted to sit with Lily at lunch, but between the impromptu prank she pulled and the fact that Lily sat close to the marauders she decided not to. Regardless of how her separate conversation with Remus had gone and how the last of the four boys seemed harmless Rose had decided Lily may have been right about them. Perhaps they were trouble.
Instead of her original plans Rose opted to sit with some of her housemates for lunch though she would probably only speak to Ode.
Lunch went by quickly, being focused mostly on eating and avoiding any conversation that might bring up family or where she was from most definitely had something to do with that. The bells chimed again, ending lunch as Rose got up to head to her third class of the day.
She entered the potions classroom and saw Severus talking with Regulus, two empty spaces left next to them, and decided to join the two.
“Hello Black, Snape.” Rose said with a smile, directed more at Regulus than Snape.
“Hello, Evans.” Snape said in his drawly voice. 
“I must say, I didn’t expect you to be in my house.” He continued.
“Oh? Where did you expect me to be?”
“Hufflepuff maybe.”
Coming from him that was almost an   insult  .
“Hufflepuff is a nice house, I hear their common room is very pretty, sunlight and plants everywhere. Sounds like my room back home. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“You know him from home?” Regulus asked.
“Yes, he’s friends with my sister Lily.”
“We are rather close. Lily and I. However I must be going, I have my own classes. Take the advice I gave and this class will be rather easy for you, Black.” Severus said as he moved from the table, mumbling a pardon me as he moved past Rose out of the classroom.
“I almost forgot he wasn’t in our year.” Rose said to Regulus as she sat on the stool next to his.
“Yes. He did quite well in potions last year, so I left lunch early to discuss it with him. Figured this would be a good place to do so since it was my next class anyway.”
“I think that’s the most I’ve ever heard you say all at once.” Rose said, happily surprised. She had gotten him talking on the Hogwarts Express, perhaps he would still want to talk to her at school.
“That’s because it probably is.” He responded as the professor took his place at the front of the classroom.
“Welcome.” He said then introduced himself before taking roll. Professor Slughorn. He seemed to be a jovial man. He would stop at some names to make a comment, usually about their pedigree. He even stopped when he got to her name.
“Another Evans? Your sister Lily did outstandingly in my class, I’m sure if you take after her you will flourish as well, Miss Rose.”
As far as Rose could tell Lily did outstandingly at everything. Rose liked competition but hated     trying to be as good as Lily. That would be a losing game.
“Wanna try to beat me at this class, Black? I get tips from Lily since you got them from Severus? Whoever comes out with better marks wins?” Rose whispered as the professor moved onto a different student.
“Absolutely.”
Slughorn had made a comment about Regulus as well, something about how it was all well and good that he was in Slytherin unlike his brother. Seemed an odd thing to say in Rose’s opinion. Even if he was the head of their house.
The class went on and finally the tiredness was growing. While the professor did show them some vials and potions they didn’t try anything hands on the first day, which was understandable but also a little disappointing. The sounds of small glass vials clinking together as he placed them back in their proper places was fond to Rose’s ears and made her even sleepier.
As class concluded Regulus spoke up again
“Would you like to start eating breakfast together? Unless you plan to eat with your roommate I know I saw you talking with her at lunch.”
“I see her at night when I get to my dorms, I don’t really have to sit with her first thing in the morning. Why do you ask?”
“While sitting with our house is…decent, I’d much prefer to sit alone, or almost alone. If you’d join.”
“Ah! So this is a permanent seating arrangement then?”
“Something like that. Yes.”
“Sure. They are far too loud in the mornings anyway.” Rose said with a smile before continuing.
“I hope you don’t mind the smell of cinnamon.” 


Chapter 7
After a small break Rose continued onto her final class of the day, Herbology. The class she was most excited about despite noticing the other students didn’t seem to share her same enthusiasm for the subject
The class was taught in the Hogwarts greenhouses and Rose had been dying to see them since she hadn’t had the chance to explore them the night before and they did not disappoint.
Walking into the greenhouse reminded her of the first time she had ever used magic, exploring an insectarium in muggle London. It had a botanical garden-like habitat with indoor trees, flowers, and a fountain for live insects such as butterflies as well as preserved ones in frames like her own that was purchased later on that same trip. When you walked into the habitat the humidity seemed to rise along with the temperature, plants filled the room and the sounds of buzzing from bees hard at work could be heard throughout the facility. Others would zoom by and spook you if you were not paying enough attention. The habitat itself was inside of a big glass dome with white ornate metal holding it all together.
She had felt a strange energy in the habitat, but blamed it on the sudden change in the climate around her. The feeling only grew as the day went on however and eventually when they visited a room filled wall to wall with vibrantly colored framed butterflies something happened. It had been an accident, or not an accident per se just not on purpose. Rose had been looking at the butterflies and simply wished she knew what they would have looked like when they were still alive like the ones from the habitat and all at once each and every one started flapping their wings inside their frames, as if for a moment life had been brought back to them.
She got the same feelings from the classroom as she did the butterfly museum. Greenery littered the room, BIG and small plants that seemed to move on their own, grow or shrink at will, colorful and flowered plants, fragrant plants, and Rose’s personal favorite, green and viney plants that seemed to climb the walls and exit out of the glass paneled ceilings. Some form of incense was being burned in the corner of the room which also gave it a warm ever so slightly smoky smell. The sounds of a wind chime hanging from the outside could be heard and overall the classroom was lovely.
The students gathered around a table filled with potted baby plants that had a similar look to ginseng.
Regulus was also in this class so Rose took the opportunity to stand next to him as they waited on the professor to finish taking roll. The teacher then introduced herself, her name was Pomona Sprout, she was head of Hufflepuff house and honestly Rose had never heard anything more fitting. Professor Sprout was short, had brown hair with a touch of grey tied into a messy low bun that sat right under the brim of her orangish-brown hat that looked as if it had seen better days. She wore a green apron half covered in dirt over her brown robes with yellow gloves covering her hands.
The professor took a few questions as well as asked a few before starting the lesson on the history and application of the mandrake.
Considering this was a topic Rose had done her own research on before, she couldn’t help but let her mind wander during the lesson. Though she enjoyed the professor, looking around at how beautiful the classroom was had proven far too distracting.
From the overgrown plants wrapping around things to add a bit of green to most objects in the room to how the sunlight came through the glass ceiling filling the room with beams of light and heat that hit everyone’s faces, it was once again, lovely.
Even Regulus beside her seemed to have a glow to his skin in this light, his cheeks pinker than she’d seen them before. His features really showed, grey eyes took on a greenish hue from the color being so prevalent in the room and probably reflecting back on them, and while they were so faint she doubted even he knew they were there she noticed how a few almost tan pinkish freckles danced across his nose.
She wouldn’t quite call him handsome. Regulus was bloody    pretty.
And he had already decided they would be partners in this class when on the walk there he realized they were going to the same place. Something Rose was thankful for. The boy spoke
“Why are you looking at me?”
“Oh!”
Rose slapped her hand over her mouth to quiet herself. Then whispered.
“Sorry- I was just looking at the light and it’s really green- did you know you have a total of like- six freckles? Maybe seven?”
“I…yes I know that….”
“Right…As you said, I was looking, perhaps a bit too long.” Rose said, as his cheeks seemed to grow pinker.
“Cheers.”
The rest of the class went by as smoothly as it could after an interaction like that.
Once class was concluded and Rose could escape she took some time outside to go over the notes she had taken from the day, reading over it and adding more drawings to help understand some concepts better. She also decided to read ahead in her herbology textbook, curious about the course.
The sun had slowly begun to set by the time Rose decided to go back inside, when she got to her dorm and noticed the other girls had yet to return she got ready to take a shower humming to herself as she did so.
Feeling far more refreshed(though she could have still probably used a nap) Rose thought about starting a letter home but couldn’t find the right words just yet so instead made her way back out of the dorms and common room, past all the portraits and stairs to the Great Hall. She would have a quick dinner and then finally get some sleep.
Waving to Lily as she entered the Great Hall Rose was unsure if she should be impressed with Lily for fixing it or disappointed in her own work for being too temporary, Lily’s hair was bright and fiery red again.
The green had come out. 


Chapter 8
October 31st 1972
Outside the castle walls autumn leaves were swirling around the ground, inside them students were chatting amongst one another and eating their breakfast.
“You know wizards don’t really dress up for Halloween, Rose. Wouldn’t that be a bit redundant?” Regulus said.
“All I’m saying is it could be fun to study for our history of magic project in costume since it IS Halloween.”
“What would we even be? If you somehow got me to agree to such a thing?”
Rose poked at her breakfast in thought for a moment, smushing some chocolate shavings she had added to her oats.
“I know! We could be the wizards from our chocolate frog cards, you know the ones we got on the train here! Mine was an Ancient Greek wizard, and yours was the lad with the hedgehog sons, we could make you look like a hedgehog.”
Regulus tutted “Not a chance, but we could use that Greek wizard for our project, and if YOU want to wear a olive branch in your hair while we present it maybe Binns will give us a little extra for it.”
“If I’m the wizard you have to be the basilisk.”
“Oh Godric,   fine  .” He whined and Rose smiled triumphantly taking a sip from her cup and a bite from her breakfast.
Once Rose was use to the routine time started to go by a bit faster.
She’d get ready for the day, have breakfast with Regulus, go to class, study, and spend loads of time talking with her dorm mates. They had learned a good bit about each other in the last month.
Stephone was from a strict pureblood family but didn’t share their views, she tried to stay cautious at school even so. Trying to keep herself and the others in the group out of trouble. Her and Rose had gotten into a few arguments over the course of the past few weeks but Ode seemed to quite like Stephone’s presence so Rose put her slight issues with the girl’s overprotective nature aside.
Their other roommate, Elia was quiet and attentive, she spent most of her time reading and studying and as far as the rest of them knew she did seem to at least somewhat agree with her own pureblood family’s views. This made Rose extra weary of her and caused Stephone to ignore Rose all together when the girl was present. 
Christmas had come quick as well, before she knew it Rose was hugging her friends goodbye and sending a final sharp glare over to Sirius Black as he and his goons tried to talk to Lily on the platform.
Rose and Sirius had a rather nefarious correspondence at the moment, since she pranked Lily, Rose had been met with many uncomfortable pranks deployed by none other than Sirius, the most embarrassing of which he seemed to save for when Regulus was around. She had begun to get him back after an instance in which her skin was turned a sage green which made her look sick for a week and ended with her taking a trip to the nurse, Madam Pomfrey.
Christmas back home was, not what Rose expected, instead of feeing relieved to be back she missed her dorm and the sounds of Black Lake lulling her to sleep, she barely slept the whole time she was home and she would have greatly preferred the company of any ghosts at Hogwarts to the company of her older sister Petunia, Rose decided if she could, she would spend the next Christmas at Hogwarts.
When they returned to Hogwarts in the New Year Rose was overcome with happiness once she saw her mates unpacking and preparing for the next term, they all talked about family and the holiday and what everyone had gotten for Christmas, Stephone’s family had taken a trip and also sent her back to Hogwarts with a polaroid camera and a seemingly never ending case of film. The girls loved it, soon the dorm was filled with photos of Stephone and Ode together or Rose first thing in the morning looking half alive but with a smile on her face. Rose and Ode often asked to borrow it, occasionally giving her things in exchange for the use. Rose herself had a photo of Regulus very obviously hiding behind his hands tucked away in one of her books and had plenty of pictures of different plants strewn about her nightstand.
One photo of her’s in particular had an interesting story behind it, it was a straightforward photo, Sirius Black with his face pressed against the a table in the library, soundly sleeping, in the corner you can see the fluff of one of Remus’ sweaters. On the sleeping lads face the words
 “SLYTHERIN RULES”
were marked with permanent marker, a harmless practical joke that would have ended their had Rose not decided to take a photo of it, and later in the day lose said photo.
A few days later it turned up again, there had been an envelope delivered to the Slytherin common room with her name on it, upon opening it her stomach did a flip, the very unpleasant kind. Written on the white of the bottom of the polaroid in a small but pretty script was a note.
 Keep up with your incriminating evidence, thorns 
 S.B.
The photo remained in Rose’s possession but could not go on the wall, Stephone would not have anything, as Sirius had put it,  incriminating  on their walls. She wanted Rose to put an end to the pranks all together but that didn’t happen.
Second term started a whole new set of classes, for Rose that was Transfiguration(that was taught by the cat professor who Rose had grown quite fond of despite her sternness), Defense Against the Dark Arts, and Astronomy, she still ate breakfast with Regulus as she had every morning since it was decided upon(but would occasionally be interrupted by Sirius attempting to be   somewhat   brotherly with him) but more often than not ate her other meals with Lily. It felt like the good bits of being home, without the bad ones.
Once during dinner with Lily the girl pointed out that Peter, the fourth marauder with blonde hair and a mousy demeanor had been starring at her, Rose turned around and, yes, he was, and when her eyes met his his face turned a bright shade of red and he quickly looked away. Rose turned back to Lily and sighed, continuing their talk about quidditch.
Rose and Lily often enjoyed completely different things about Hogwarts, but one thing the sisters did agree on was that the flying course Rose had taken earlier that year was fun, but when quidditch tryouts rolled around it was obvious that they both enjoyed watching the game far more than they would enjoy playing it.
And as for Peter’s little crush, other than a few playful taunts from Lily, over time it had largely been forgotten. By her at least. 


Chapter 9
Easter break came and went as the year began to wind down, and something must have have changed for Sirius because his pranks slowed, then came to a complete stop.   Rose was relieved but also disappointed. She had enjoyed the back and fourth so one night when she was snooping around the library and saw Remus doing the same she had to ask why.
“Oi, Remus.” She whispered to the boy who was seated at a table reading like it was midday. She doubted he really cared if he got in trouble but still, he made no effort to hide.
He looked up from his book and held the tip of the page between two fingers tightly.
“Rose.”
“May I sit?”
“As long as you don’t stay too long.” He joked.
Rose sat next to him and fiddled with the hem of her skirt for a moment before speaking.
“I have a silly question.”
“Of course you do.”
“Right…I’ll get straight to it then— why has Sirius stopped pranking me back? Did he give up? Doesn’t seem like him.”
Remus chuckled at the absurdity, then answered.
“No, he’s just been putting his devious intentions elsewhere Sniv- Severus seems to get the brunt of it now.”
“Huh. Well blimey I guess that’s a bit of a relief then.” Rose sighed contently then after a moment of silence decided to pose another question. One more serious in nature and more directly about Remus himself.
“You know, I  enjoy  being awake till dawn when it’s on purpose, you just seem…in the habit of it.”
At that Remus placed a ripped piece of paper from a note(that seemed to have James’ signature at the bottom) acting as a makeshift bookmark onto the page he was keeping and closed the book.
“And?”
“Well, I’m not asking you to tell me what keeps you up at night Remus, I’m just asking if there’s anyway I can help.”
Had she crossed a line?
“Can you make a potion to end my suffering?” He said sarcastically.
“Remus!”
“I have all the help I need. Besides, Black nags me about the little amount of time I spend with you now.”
“As long as you have some help I guess…with whatever it is.” She paused before speaking again.
“And he hates me that much?”
“He hates   Snivellus   more.”
“At least there’s that.”
  __
The last day of her first year at Hogwarts was upon her before she even had the time to process it.
Packing her things into a a trunk she made a stack of polaroids as the girls divvied them up, placing them next to her fake plants and keeping them away from the real plants.
The day was mostly packing, saying goodbyes and eating as classes had already been finished. Exams were over for the year(Regulus had beat her in potions the   git  ). The courses had been interesting but to some from wizarding families seemed to be things they already knew.
“Hey Steph, can I barrow this again today?”
“Sure, just bring it back here when you finish, yeah?”
“Definitely.”
Rose finished getting ready for the day, brushing her hair and adding a bit of lip balm, it was meant to smell like pears but honestly had more of an apple scent to it that she enjoyed.
“I’m heading out guys, don’t forget to say bye.”
“You’ve got my camera you twit I can’t leave without it, and of course we’ll say goodbye. We have the feast still.”
Steph said with a smile before flopping down on Ode’s bed to look at some more photos they couldn’t decide who should get to keep as they were just photos of the two of them.
Rose went to her usual spot at breakfast and greeted her dark haired friend before taking her seat in front of him, grabbing a few things and eating them rather quickly before asking something that had been on her mind.
“So…are you going to write me, Reg?”
“No. Probably not, Rose.”
Rose sighed. She’d prepared for that answer. Though he tried not to mention it Rose had picked up on the way his family seemed to work. A silence fell over the two of them before she spoke again.
“May I- well, I borrowed Stephone’s camera again today and I was hoping to get an actual picture of you, you know one where you’re not hiding.”
“Why would you want that?” He said in a small, stoic voice.
“Well this may surprise you since you’re kind of a tosser but I might actually miss you a tad over the summer. The picture will help me grieve the loss.” Rose said laced in sarcasm but with a smile on her face.
Oh how Rose would think about those words years later.
“Fine.  Here?”
“No no, finish up then I’ll take you were we’re going.”
__
“Outside? Won’t that ruin the photo?” Regulus spoke it like a question but he was really just telling her it would ruin the photo.
“We’re on the way. Stop complaining.”
“I’m not complaining, I’m doubting your abilities as a photographer.”
“Here.” Rose said cracking open the door to one of the greenhouse classrooms. Regulus didn’t bother to ask if they were suppose to be there. Rose was sure he knew they were most definitely not suppose to. He would usually never do something like this, it being the last day must have had something to do with his sudden spontaneity.
Rose closed the door behind her once they entered and pointed for him to stand on other side of the table were the light hit him just right.
“Are you going to make me smile?”
“No! I want you to look like yourself.”
And he did. He looked like the memory she was trying to capture. Pink faced surrounded by greenery and life.
With a click of the camera the film was ejected out of the bottom and into her hands, she gave it a moment to develop before taking a look, hoping the sunlight didn’t over expose the image.
And it hadn’t. It looked exactly as she had hoped.
His face had a questioning look to it. Like the way a cat looks at something deciding if they want to swat at it or simply let it be.
Shiny curly hair lay above his shoulders, shorter than his brothers but still longer than Rose’s, even after she had decided to start growing it out. He had informed his mother( though he seemed frightened to do so) that he preferred to keep it long, and it was agreed upon as long as it remained tidy and well kept. 
A photo could not hope to capture this but his hair had a specific smell as well, like the tea tree plant. Must have been something he used on it, but she had come to associate the smell with him. A herbaceous, cooling, semi-sweet smell.
Reg had walked over to look at the photo himself by the time they heard the bells chime in the distance letting them know breakfast was over and it was time for them to head back to their rooms and subsequently head home later that day.
“Will you sit with me on the train?” Rose asked as she opened the door for them.
“Yes.” Regulus answered and closed the door behind them before walking back to the castle with her.
Later Rose returned the camera to her dorm and remained there for most of the day, the girls had finally settled the polaroid dilemma by that time so everything was officially packed. Rose laid out across her bed for a while, closing her eyes to listen to the waves of the lake. She also heard some whispers between Ode and Stephone, she knew they must be discussing the latter’s family and she heard her worriedly say something about “blood traitors”. Rose tried hard to push the other girls conversation far away after that. Pretending she couldn’t hear it at all.
Soon enough it was time for the feast in which it would be announced who won the house cup, for each time Rose had heard the phrase “20 points from Gryffindor” she had to assume the lions(their house emblem) would not win this year. Or any year. Professor Dumbledore, the old wizard with the long beard from her sorting, who was headmaster of the school have to say who won, when they walked into the Great Hall the blue tapestries lining the walls, adorned with ravens told them that. Ravenclaw is where the sorting had had considered putting Regulus, and Rose was rather sure Hufflepuff is where the hat had thought of putting her before it settled on Slytherin. Hufflepuff’s mascot was the badger, Rose did not remember badgers ever being described as exceptionally kind or loyal but figured it must be true. Lions were brave, loud, and proud, and ravens did seem wise beyond their- well the fact that they were birds and Rose’s friends were well enough but the older Slytherins could very much be serpent like. In the worst ways possible. Rose made a point to avoid them.
After the feast Rose said her goodbyes, feeling exceptionally melancholic because though she had made more friends than just Ode, she was the only one Rose could owl to over the summer. Her blood status was the reason. Rose knew, and she knew it would only worsen. 


Chapter 10
Rose lay across her bed with the window open, an owl had just flown in and dropped a letter upon her lap and she set up to read it.
She opened the letter with “Ode” written across the front in large mesmerizing hand. A few dried and pressed flowers fell out of it when she did so. One of which was of course a rose.
To My Lovely Friend, 
Happy Birthday Rosie! Sorry I didn’t send a real present, I hoped this would do! Write back soon! Summer’s almost over do you believe that? I was going to write a sonnet but I read about some foreign poetry called Haiku from a book I borrowed and wanted to try one out! So once again, happy birthday Rose! Hope you enjoy the poem. See you soon!
atop a green stem
 and under the red petals  
 lies a home for me 
xoxo
Odette Meadows
Ode had to be the most romantic person in the world. Like their other roommate Elia she loved to read, Rose had brought her some muggle plays that were edited to be understood by a younger audience and seemingly unlocked new shades of color for the girl.  A Midsummer Night's Dream  had been reread over and over throughout their first year but since Odette had moved onto another play by Shakespeare and become absolutely obsessed with the character of Ophelia.
Rose and Odette had written back and forth all summer, it was the first time Rose had a penpal and each time her owl flapped through her window she was excited. Her older sister Petunia, who was not a witch like her and Lily would complain, she even once said she was beginning to think she was allergic to the bird and Rose was afraid her mother might make her stop the contact.
Rose spent most of her summer making rounds between the kitchen, Lily’s room, and her own room. And the loo. One thing Rose had missed about being home was baths, showers were just fine but baths felt special now. Especially when Rose left the window slightly open to let the sunshine come in and get a view of the garden.
Being as she was home for longer this time around she had gotten back into the habit of sleeping properly.
She chose to stay up far less now, the days had enough time for all she needed to do at home since her life took place mostly in her bedroom.
The room was small with white walls and some painted white wood detailing like most houses near her’s, she had drawings of various plants and notes with songs lyrics or messages from Lily on the walls. Her sheets and duvet were all white as well and the curtains on her window were a cool toned green. She had added the polaroids of her friends to her desk but was afraid of leaving them at home in case Petunia messed with them. She had begun tacking up her letters from Ode on the wall behind the head of her bed but soon realized she would run out of room and so she would add them to the ceiling above. Seeing the letters before bed would remind her to send Ode a mental goodnight before going to sleep. It would have been easier to use a simple sticking charm but she was not able to use magic away from school yet so thumbtacks and standing on her bed to add them would have to do.
Rose had noticed Lily had taken up painting and rather enjoyed to watch her sister paint while some the slow music playing on the record they had downstairs played softly, muffled by their distance from it.
Lily painted all types of things you would expect someone like Lily to paint and it was all beautiful. Rose had asked to take some of it back to Hogwarts with her and her sister agreed signing her art with a flourished L at the bottom.
Rose didn’t watch the telly much even though she didn’t have access to one at Hogwarts, it was in the living room and she rather disliked going there.
Soon enough it was time for the girls trip to Diagon Alley for school supplies. Upon returning home Rose had gone ahead and started packing, adding everything expect her plants to keep them in good health. The first year in Herbology had helped her and she was excited to get back to the class and improve her not so green thumb even more.
The Marauders hadn’t paid Lily a visit this time around and Rose vaguely remembered Regulus telling her Sirius was not allowed at the Potter’s anymore which was probably the reason for it. Either way Rose did look forward to seeing them around again and even though she would not admit it, Lily seemed to as well.


Chapter 11
Rose entered the Hogwarts Express as excited as ever. Searching with her eyes, she spotted familiar dark hair and practically ran over to who it belonged to.
“Reg!”
“Hello.”
His eyes did not meet hers. They looked back out the window at two stern figures watching him. They were well-dressed, both looked strikingly similar to the boy standing before her and his brother. Their expressions unmoving.
As she got a good look at their faces Rose recalled something from two years before, the first time she ever saw Regulus. At the time  not knowing who he was. She has been crying, not sobbing but a few tears had trailed down her cheeks and her nose was red. She had watched Lily walk onto the Hogwarts express and that’s when she saw him standing about a meter away. He was there for the same reason as she was, saying goodbye to his older sibling. He looked on stone faced in comparison, standing like a statue in front of his parents as he watched his brother board the train for the first time. His parents had not changed much since then. They looked as unloving as Rose had remembered them. Regulus’ voice brought her out of the memory. 
“Rose, I cannot be your friend anymore.”
What?
He didn’t try to soften the blow or slowly introduce the topic, he got straight to the point.
“What do you mean you— why?”
“My family. My friends. Unfortunate reality.”
As Rose took another look between the stern faces outside and Regulus’ he looked almost like that little boy from her memory again.
“Well are you sure—“
“Please…just leave me alone, Evans.”
And he walked away, to join Evan Rosier and Barty Crouch Jr. who Rose was sure had become her replacements over the summer(and did not remember them being the nicest lads). She had expected not to hear from Regulus over the summer, but did not expect this from their first meeting after.
Unsure of what exactly to do; Rose wanted answers and so she went where she thought she might find them. The trolly car that held the marauders.
“Hello James, sorry to be a bother but I simply must barrow Sirius, it’ll only be a minute.” She said to the curly haired boy with glasses as he was kind of their ring leader.
“Barrow me? Am I a quill?”
“I need to talk to you, about Reggie.”
“As if I’d help you or Regulus. Bugger off.”
“Please.”
“Why?”
“Just because?”
“Not a chance”
“Stop being a prick, mate. Just go.” Remus said without looking up from what he was reading.
“Thank you, Remus.” Rose was grateful for his interjection.
“Fine. But this doesn’t mean you can bring me into your Slytherin drama whenever you feel like it.”
Sirius stood, a bit taller than Rose remembered him, and broader too. He was just a year older than her but it felt as if summer had changed him more than it changed Rose.
She took him to a relatively empty cart so they could as least talk in solitude, and now it was Rose’s turn to get straight to the point.
“Your parents told Regulus I can’t be his friend?”
“Of course they did.”
“Do you think he’ll really do it? Or was it just a show for them?”
“He’ll have to stick to it, my cousins will be watching him.”
“It’s that bad then? Your parents won’t…well they won’t hurt him because of this will they?” 
“No. They won’t hurt him.”
There was a silence. A long silence as Rose took in those words and let out a deep breath. 
“Now out of my way, yeah? That’s all you needed right?” Sirius said breaking the silence.
Rose wordlessly moved aside. All hope she had been building up to speak to Regulus once she arrived back at school far gone now, replaced by worry for just how him and his brother’s home life really may have been.
Much to Sirius’ distaste once she finally left the cart she did not go find Lily or sit on her own, she stopped in front of the four boys once more.
“Hello again, I have another thing to ask.”
“What do you want NOW, thorns?” 
Sirius asked with a tut
“Thorns?” James said questioningly, then he got it. “Thorns! That’s such a good nickname for her! Good one, Black!”
Rose smiled at him and Sirius grumbled in response.
“You’re not supposed like it!” Sirius exclaimed
Remus saw the need to bring the group back once more.
“What were you going to ask, Rose?” Remus said impatiently.
She spoke quickly as if maybe they would be more inclined to agree if they only half heard her.
“May I sit with you lot at breakfast since I have dinner with Lily and see my roommates well enough as is?”
Taking a look at them, Peter looked hopeful but also sacred, Remus seemed indifferent, James seemed to be thinking hard about it, or scheming, and Sirius was very very displeased. Rose decided to take one step back and let them discuss as if she was not there, though she could still hear it all. James finally spoke up.
“Mates this could be just what I need to get Lily’s attention.”
“You already try far too much to get her attention.” Remus said, while watching Peter anxiously twirling a piece of hair between two fingers.
“And this might finally do it!” James shot back happily,
Sirius was not having it.
“Oh come on lads, that’s when we plan most of our pranks, first there’s breakfast, then she’ll start to think she’s a marauder, no Slytherin girl is going to be a marauder.” He said with conviction
“She’s already proved to be a bit of a prankster herself maybe she could help”
“No way!”
“I think she should! It’s just breakfast, Black” Peter interjected.
“Shut up, Pettigrew you just think she’s cute, probably James too, he’s bloody obsessed with Lily she’s basically half Lily which would make him half obsessed with her.” Sirius said
“That’s not true! Right James?” Peter squeaked
“Of course it’s not true! And not obsessed with, Evans! With either Evans!” James responded
Remus finally got the group’s attention by ignoring them completely and addressing Rose herself. Scooting over a bit to make room between him and Peter.
“Sit, and join us for breakfast.”
“Thank you.” Rose smiled and sat squished between the two boys.
“No fair!” Sirius had one final word before huffing and sinking back into his seat, crossing his legs at the ankles. 
The rest of the ride there was spent with Peter blushing often as well as handing her sweets every few minutes, he also seemed to embarrass himself someway at every available moment to do so. All the while Remus almost constantly shifted his weight around in his seat to try(and fail) to get comfortable. Occasionally looking over jealously at Sirius who had his head leaned back and arms crossed over his chest sound asleep. James studied Lily from a far, as well as swapped glasses with Rose a few times, she only really needed them to read so putting on Potters strong ones was crazy in comparison.
The carriage ride to the castle went much like the train ride had, and Rose found some comfort in the new arrangement, though louder and definitely more obnoxious than Regulus or her other friends she had made in her house(who also seemed to ignore her on the train and beyond) the marauders had a joyful spark about them Rose could not deny.
All but Sirius Black.


Chapter 12
Back in their dorm after unpacking and attending the entrance ceremony and subsequent feast, Rose and Ode had been talking about what happened on the train earlier that day, Rose let out an annoyed sigh as she bathed in the candlelight coming from her beside table.
“You know, you are kinda like Romeo and Juliet.”
That made Rose send a pointed look at her friend.
“We are NOT like Romeo and Juliet.”
She paused before continuing.
“I don’t fancy him and they both die at the end. Romeo and Juliet is a TRAGEDY”   
“Well it all seems pretty tragic to me.” 
Stephone said in a sarcastic tone from her own bed, she had the curtains closed but was obviously still listening. Wandlight peeked through a crack in the curtains.
“Piss off, Steph.” Rose said as she got under her covers.
“Goodnight to you too, Evans.” She retorted as Rose hid her head under the dark green silk sheets.
She heard a few whispers between the two girls before eventually nodding off to sleep.
“Muggle works can be pretty bleak huh?”
“Oh Merlin yeah. You ever heard of Echo and Narcissus?”
The next few weeks went off without a hitch, or maybe there was one hitch one hitch that just kept hitching. Sirius O. Black. The preverbal thorn in Rose’s side.
 She’d gotten to know the other marauders better, Peter was also from a pureblood family like James and Sirius and Remus was what was called a half-blood, he had a muggle mum and his father was a wizard, though he didn’t say much about him. They had meet Remus in their first year and seemed to hit it off just fine. The boys were swell company minus Sirius and Rose could not understand how Lily didn’t want to be a part of it. They seemed right up her alley.
They also made for a pleasant breakfast. Rose would drink her tea, laugh with James, glance at Peter to make him blush, and ask Remus(who Rose had noticed the boys begin to call “Moony”(probably because he stayed up so late)) about any ideas for practical jokes he might have brewing around in his head then do it all again the next morning.
Sirius had been right about one thing, she had indeed starting joining them for pranks. Helping the boys with one prank or another and occasionally coming up with an idea herself.
Including this one in particular, the morning prior Rose had pointed out to the boys just how much fire there was in Hogwarts and it was decided they should try to alter it all some way, possibly at the same time or at least within the same day. They discussed all the things they could do, blowing it all out seemed easiest but also a tad lame, they could transform it to something different, or James mentioned making it red and gold for the quidditch game(which James was beginning to get very good at) but when Moony pointed out that fire is practically red and gold already the gang was at a loss. Then Rose took it upon herself to turn the fire on their table green, showcasing her own solution to their troubles.
“What can I say, lads? I’m fond of green.” Rose said with a proud smile. Sirius hated it.
“Bloody brilliant way to ruin it, Thorns.” Sirius said with a bit too much sass for Rose at that current moment. Especially considering this was one of many instances in which one or the other had said something underhanded or rude within the last few days. Their arguments were growing in number and hostility.
“I thought we were past name calling, Black.”
“That’s rubbish and you know it. We prank the Slytherins we don’t prank FOR the Slytherins. Might as well invite Reggie to join in at this rate. Not that Reggie could join us with you here.”  He said.
His anger was rising.
“I didn’t chose to be in Slytherin. I was honest with myself and let the hat put me where I was supposed to be. At least I was honest with myself.”
And so was hers. She was speaking louder and faster.
“What are you trying to say?” He asked
“I’m not try— you know what, maybe I am trying to say something. I think you’re jealous. You’re jealous you didn’t get into Slytherin. You’re jealous I was friends with your brother. And you’re still angry the sorting hat solidified you was as the black sheep of your family.”
Or maybe you were a year ago when you first decided you hated me.
“THERE’S the Slytherin the hat sorted.”
“Stop bloody saying that!”
The green fires on the table rose to a dangerous size as her anger sparked, getting the attention of a few prefects and probably a professor too.
Peter squealed and James spoke up.
“Calm down lads!” He said standing. Remus followed up James’ statement with his own.
“Go sit with Lily. You two are going to work this out later. Don’t go to bed tonight. We’ll come get you.”
“Alright….Cheers.”
Rose stood, feeling rather defeated and walked over to where Lily and her friends sat, sitting wordlessly next to her sister.
“What was that about, Rosie?”
It was said with concern. Rose should have reacted differently. She knew that. But as she put her head down she mumbled all she could think to say.
“Please just leave me alone, Evans.” 


Chapter 13
“You say that like it’s not   your   surname.”
Lily’s friend Marlene’s words kept playing in Roses head. She had hurt Lily, and she would have to fix it.
She contemplated all day on how she could make it up to her sister, ultimately she knew whatever she came up with would probably take sometime to plan. Lily deserved a thousand apologies—
A thousand apologies.
That’s it.
Rose would write Lily a thousand apologies. Post them all around her dorm, some from Rose’s own words, other’s exerts from Lily’s favorite works of fiction.
She would need help to make it happen. She couldn’t get into the Gryffindor dorms on her own, but Ode’s sister could get her in. Hopefully. Work on that would start in the morning, luckily the weekend was approaching so she would have plenty of time to make it happen. James and Pete would probably help her work on the notes as well. Both had decent enough handwriting.
And tonight she had yet another apology to make. Rose knew she had crossed a line with Sirius. She knew she was going to have to swallow her pride and tell him she may have projected her own worries onto him— a lot. If anything she should understand him. They were in parallel situations really. Or opposite situations, like looking into a mirror that shows the worst ironies between two people.
Rose had done a good job at avoiding Regulus up to this point considering they were in the same house, but when dinner rolled around(Rose had skipped lunch to begin working on the apologies to Lily) Rose realized the predicament she had put herself in she decided to sit at the Slytherin table her green tie blending in with the others were as it was usually a stark difference between the red ones at her meals.
Out of the corner of her eye Rose saw Regulus sitting with his friends but was reading instead of taking part in their conversation. Like he also didn’t want to be there. He had changed, anytime she did see him he seemed cold, others found it posh but Rose didn’t. It seemed like he had matured too fast and for the worst. She saw a chocolate frog card between his fingers that he had been using as a makeshift bookmark and memories of the Halloween prior crossed her mind. She wondered if it reminded him of her as well. Most likely not.
Before she knew it the day had gone and she was wrapped up in her green and silver scarf, it covered half her face and made her hair bunch up around her ears and glasses she had been wearing to work on the parchment for her apology to Lily fog but she didn’t mind. It got rather cold in the corridors of the stone castle at night and she didn’t fancy getting ill from this adventure. She waited in the common room for James’ signature knock that let her know to come out, when it came she stepped out of her common room to instantly be pulled under James’ invisibility cloak and smushed between James and a very agitated Sirius. As the three walked together, far too close and wobbly for their own good, Rose spoke.
“There’s not enough room under here. And where are Peter and Remus?”
“They trusted me enough to be you two’s little mediator all on my own.”
James said proudly.
“Now where do you want to go to talk?” He asked, and they answered at the same time, not missing a beat.
“Library”
“Astrology tower”
“Greenhouses”
“Forbidden forest”
“Forbidden forest really, Black?”
Sirius huffed then asked
“How about you pick Potter?”
“Room of requirement it is.”
James took them to the room in question, a room that, as named changed based on the requirements of those who used it. When they arrived there they locked the door behind them and dropped the invisibility cloak.
“Now” James began.
“You gits can have some privacy behind that curtain, don’t mind me at all.” He continued and sat on the other side of the room, giving them space to talk.
Rose sat on the floor behind the curtain that ran straight across the room, seemingly that is what the room thought they required. Sirius remained leaned on a wall on that same side of the curtain as Rose. He still seemed annoyed at her so Rose made the first move towards reconciliation.
“I really like the Slytherin common rooms.”
She said in a small voice, Sirius tsked but didn’t leave. A good enough start.
“They are nice and cold aside from the fireplace, you can hear black lake lapping on the windows, there’s historical artifacts everywhere, it’s like a museum almost.”
He listened.
“But I hear them whisper when I’m around. I don’t fit there. I don’t fit with you. I just don’t fit. I thought I was beginning to and then it all switched up.”
She swallowed before continuing.
“Do you want to know the password to the slytherin common rooms this year?”
The boy nodded.
“  Pureblood  .”
She whispereed it as if the word could catch afire on her tongue.
“Every time I go back for the night I’m reminded I don’t belong. Sirius, if I’m honest, it’s me who’s jealous. I’m jealous you’re a pureblood. I’m jealous you’re Regulus’ brother. I’m jealous you’re a Gryffindor like Lily. I’m not brave like you two. Or wise like a Ravenclaw. I think we have proved by now I’m not kind. All my plants die and I’m sorry. I’m sorry I said that about your family and I’ve thought worse than what I’ve said- I was gonna call you cowardly once- a cowardly Gryffindor, I’m so sorr—“ The words that had grown quicker and more ragged were cut off.    
“I was being a right prat about it all.” Sirius finally spoke up. Leaning down to meet the girls eyes.  No tears in them. But plenty of regret.
“I’m sorry too. You fit just fine with me.”
 Yeah two bloody idiots. Bloody lost idiots. 
Bright and early the next morning Rose had been snuck into the marauders dorm. Frantically working to fill up all the apologies before Lily woke. James rushing to collect the finished ones. Peter had already had his fill of help and went back to bed, Remus never got up, but he seemed tired so Rose didn’t mind and Sirius had written out a large stack himself, the calligraphy far fancier than James or Rose’s.
“You’ve been making enemies out of everyone haven’t you, Thorns?” Sirius said, but with a joking tone to his voice and a playful smirk on his face.
“Siblings fight, she knows I love her.”
“She definitely will after this!” James exclaimed and Rose laughed.
“Yes Potter, definitely.”
Lily and Rose did “fight”. Especially back home.
“Have you seen my red skirt Rose?!”
Lily had yelled from the kitchen. Rose looked down at the red skirt she had taken from Lily’s room
“  Bollocks  …”
That incident led to a “fight”.
And once Lily had lended something of Rose’s to Severus.
That had led to a “fight”.
Siblings fought, but Rose had made Lily feel ashamed. And in front of her friends too. Rose had to make this apology big. Dorcas had agreed to help but made no promises that Mary or Alice would not try to intervene.
Rose brought out her wand to gather up all the notes and grabbed the invisibility cloak just in case.
“I’ll bring it back lads, wish me luck!” 


Chapter 14
Lily had accepted Rose’s apology. Although begrudgingly.
And from there Rose had gotten through Halloween well enough and Christmas was fast approaching. 
Her parchments to Lily were not the only amends Rose had made; however, and after their talk, She and Sirius had been making up for lost time, spending loads of it complaining about their rather similar circumstances and going on little adventures together. Like the other night.
Rose had been waiting in the Slytherin common room for Sirius to knock, each marauder had their own for times like this and his was three knocks in quick succession. Very hard to miss and yet Rose was sure she hadn’t heard it despite it being time.
“Psst”
Rose looked around the room. Nothing.
“Thorns.”
 Sirius. 
With a flash of black hair and white teeth he lifted James’ invisibility cloak off himself before tossing it over the two of them.
“You lot don’t have a Christmas tree in here? How boring.” Sirius whispered.
“Black, what are you doing?!”
Rose whispered yelled as they walked towards the exit.
“You really thought you could tell me the password and I wouldn’t use it?”
Rose huffed at him and whispered
“Just get us to wherever we’re going.”
And he did. They made their way out of the castle and into the forest before removing the cloak. Sirius had it in his mind to do a prank without the other boys, and thus it would be for them. An early Christmas present of sorts, but he wouldn’t do it completely alone so he had enlisted Rose’s help. The plan was as follows; attract a (hopefully) harmless magical creature into the school by morning, he had done a little research on how to do it and so there they were with a bag of herbs(all grown, dried, and tied into little bundles by Rose) and the hopes of stumbling upon a unicorn.
“Incendio”
Sirius casted a flame charm onto one of the bundles to spread the smell quicker. A decent amount of smoke pouring out of the herbs as they walked through the darkness. The forest was very much alive, sounds of animals rustling and twigs crackling following them through the night.
“Lumos”
Rose whispered taking out her throned wand.
The light helped, but not enough. It casted shadows where before there was only darkness.
“It’s dark, Sirius I’m scared.” Rose admitted with a shiver to her voice.
“Just look up at the stars, Love. You’ll be fine.”
Sirius had taken to calling everyone Love, or darling, or some other name like those. Rose couldn’t quite tell if it was genuine or a joke of some sort.
“No. I’m scared. I want to go back inside.”
A howl in the distance solidified this choice.
“Sirius!”
“Okay okay, we’ll go, but you owe me another adventure since you’ve spoiled this one.”
A few days later he was back, but not alone. As Rose waited in the common room she heard a faint, single knock. Peter’s. She traded her robes for her father’s jacket and a coat overtop and tightened her scarf before leaving the dorms to disappear into the darkness.   
Sirius had seemingly told Peter of the first failed attempt at doing something for the lads because Peter had come up with the very original idea of just getting the boys something instead. This led to the trio squeezing through passageways and swatting at cobwebs looking for any of Hogwarts’ storage rooms where magical items might be hiding.
“Lily’s a little upset I’m not coming home for Christmas but mum already said I could stay here, I’ll have explored the whole castle by the time you boys get back.”
“I’m going on holiday during Christmas” Peter said
“What about you, mate?” He asked Sirius
“I wish I was going somewhere else or I could stay here. I’ll be home. Hopefully won’t have to leave my room more than absolutely needed.”
“Maybe try to visit James?” Rose suggested
“Not a chance they’ll let me visit Potter. Could maybe visit Peter. If he was even going to be home.”
“Sorry, Mate” Pete said as they finally came upon an open space filled with dusty items.
Through the wandlight Rose spotted a glimmer. She walked over to inspect it further and was shocked by what she found, a beautiful short sword, seemingly silver with rubies embedded in the hilt.
“Lads, I found a bloody sword!”
“No way!”
“Let me see!”
In a sudden burst of confidence Rose brushed away the dust and dirt and flipped the hilt around in her hand till it fit comfortably, a mischievous glint in her eyes.
As the two boys stepped closer Rose took a defensive stance, pointing it at Peter and laughing when he jumped backwards and knocked Sirius back causing him to shoot back with words.
“Watch where you point that thing. You’re not exactly a skilled swordsman.”
“Oh am I not?”
Rose said with a smile as she twirled the sword between her fingers, almost dropping it.
“No. You’re not.”
He almost sounded like Regulus.
“What do you think it’s doing here?” Rose asked.
“Probably a replica of some sword for history of magic.” Peter responded.
“Replica or not it’s bloody cool!” Rose gave the sword a swing.
“James and Moony are gonna love it!” She continued.
Something about it seemed to worry Sirius.
“We’ll see. Now come on Ser Evans we’ve got what we came for.”
“Lead the way Mister Black.”
Those same passageways from earlier seemed to shrink on the way back, or maybe it was that the sword took up some of the room. Either way Peter worried aloud often on the way and each time Sirius would retort with a “Shut up Pettigrew!” and Rose would stifle laughter.
When they returned Peter had chosen to go to bed, Rose had made a quick stop to skillfully wrap the sword and hide it in her things while waiting for the right moment to give it to the boys then greeted Sirius under the invisibility cloak once more. The relative quickness of their journey meant that the night was still young and Sirius seemed to know just where to go. He lead Rose to a different passage, this one leading all the way into Hogsmeade village. Or more specifically into the Three Broomsticks cellar.   
“It’s time you had a butterbeer. A gift from yours truly. Call it a belated apology of my own.”
“Are we going to steal them?!” Rose asked worriedly.
“No Rosie, we’re going to buy them. What do you take me for?” He asked as he lead her up the wooden stairs to the actual establishment, getting more than a few odd looks, probably from the time of night and how very short they both were to be purchasing two pints of butterbeer and setting up shop at one of the tables in the back.
“I’d like a chance to reintroduce myself, doll.”
Sirius extended a hand to her and this time she took it. Not shaking it but inclosing their fingers together before dropping it.
“Sirius Black.”
“Thorns.” 
Their drinks arrived, clinching together as they were placed on the table.
“To the adventures or Thorns and Sirius Black.” Sirius said before taking a sip of what smelled sweet and maybe just a smidge cinnamon-y.
A bit of the whipped cream from his butterbeer had stuck to his lip which made Rose smile.
“To the adventures of Thorns and Sirius Black.” 


Chapter 15
Stephone had definitely started to notice Rose’s disappearances and the knocking, but luckily she hadn’t noticed the sword and thus Rose was able to get it back to Sirius who could then get it to James before he left for Christmas break.
James was ecstatic if not a little confused by  the gift, and as usual James’ excitement seemed to feed the whole group.
“You really wanna be here for Christmas, Thorns? I’m sure I could sneak you home with me, tell the parents I found you out there all alone.”
“No, Potter. It may surprise you but I actually   want   to be alone. Plus a few professors are staying behind as well so if I happen to get incredibly lonely I’ll have someone to talk to. Though I doubt I’ll get incredibly lonely.”
Rose said while sitting by black lake with the boys, minus Peter who had stayed back in their dorm packing.
“I don’t think I’d ever be able to get out of going home for Christmas but Easter- I might be able to stay here for Easter break. If we work it out just right all of us could.” James said with a spark of excitement.
“We could have this place turned upside down by the time everyone comes back!” He continued.
“I think that’ll be a lot harder to do than you think, mate.” Remus spoke while picking up a few flat rocks to skip across the water. Something he and Sirius had been doing back and fourth.
“Well, I think at least James and I could do it. I would invite Lily but she’d just say no.” Rose said. James’ plan to befriend Rose and thus Lily had been failing terribly for months now, but he seemed hopelessly devoted to the cause.
Rose would at least put in a good word for the lad when he came up in conversation.
“I think I’m heading back. Got to give Peter a proper goodbye as well since I decided to spend all day with you three. Have a good Holiday boys.” Rose said before standing and waving a goodbye to her friends. It would only be a short amount of time without them but they had become a very miss-able bunch.
“You’re gonna miss me beating Moony at rock skipping!” Sirius joked as Rose walked away, she yelled back a quick response. While kicking a few small stones to the boys.
“Like you would beat Remus at anything, Black!”                
 _______
As expected some professors stayed behind. 
Rose spent the first half of her Christmas break alone, writing to Lily back home, exploring, tidying around the dorm, writing a bit in the journal she had tucked under her pillow, and taking extra care of the few plants she had on her beside table as well as taking a multitude of naps. By the time Christmas Eve rolled around Rose had already grown bored of all that and so searched for someone to spend the coming day with.
She checked in with some prefects who had stayed behind but didn’t fancy their company and so she searched the greenhouses for her favorite professor and thank Merlin she found her. 
Professor Sprout was focused on de-potting  some small glowing succulents that emitted a soft hum when Rose entered the greenhouse. Dirt was strewn across the floors and the professor sang softly under her breath. Rose recognized the song as some overplayed muggle Christmas song that had seemingly made it’s way into the wizarding world. 
“Hello, professor”
Rose quietly spoke as Sprout turned around to met her gaze.
“Hello, Dear! Finally grew tired of sleeping and wandering I see!” 
The smallest flush came to Rose’s cheeks. There wasn’t anything particularly odd about napping or running around Hogwarts alone but knowing Sprout knew that’s all Rose had been doing was a tad embarrassing.
“Bring me that mist bottle will you?” The teacher asked.
Rose did as she was told and walked the glass mister up to the woman. 
“Did your mint plant ever perk back up?” Sprout asked while taking the bottle from Rose and spritzing the plant in front of her. 
“It did, the smell of it by my bed helps me sleep….I’ve gotten good use of it.” 
The professor hummed. 
“Good, and the magical herbs you asked for help with?” 
“Already harvested and dried, though the application of them didn’t go as planned. Maybe I’ll try again.” 
“It’s good to hear you’re improving. Sadly not everyone who appreciates these things are gifted with a green thumb, but with time we can craft you one”.  The witch smiled. 
The two of them continued conversation as Rose joined her in her work, getting covered in a good bit of dirt in the process. As well as struggling to put her hair in a ponytail and putting on a pair of gloves far too big for her to protect her hands. She looked rather silly, all that was missing was professor Sprout’s hat and she would have been the spitting image of her. 
Rose had mentioned Sirius’ complaint at the lack of a Christmas tree in the Slytherin common room and Sprout suggested they grow one for next year, a suggestion that excited Rose. Having her own little project to look forward to.
Later when the sky had darkened and the temperatures dropped Sprout invited Rose into the Hufflepuff common room. They had swept up the mess in the greenhouse and headed straight that way. Once there Sprout had some warm spice wine with raisins and sweet herbs she had pulled from her own pocket and made some mulled cider for Rose. The cup felt warm in her hands and the taste reminded her of apples and cinnamon which brought a smile to her face. She felt comfortable and happy there, so much so she was rather disappointed when she noticed just how late it had gotten, she uncurled herself from her warm chair and said goodnight to the professor across the room who had been tying together a new bundle of herbs. 
“Merry Christmas Eve, Miss Evans. You were a fine help today.” 
“You’re welcome, professor. Merry Christmas.”
Rose waved happily and without another word slipped through the hallways to her dorm,crawling into bed before grabbing a book she bad been reading, planning to read until she fell asleep, which didn’t take long. 
She was awakened bright and early the next morning by her owl dropping a gift box on her bed, it was a red box with an emerald green bow, classic. The note attached to the box was simple, it read: 
“Both of us”
-Lily
A bit confused by the message Rose rubbed her eyes before putting on her glasses and opening the box. Inside Rose found another smaller box, this one lined with a dark red velvet and silver detailing. She opened it to find a necklace, a short gold chain held a stunning green gem. The jewel glistened in the light from water of black lake that was reflecting from the window. Gold and green. A part of both of their house colors, both of them. Lily was so wonderfully thoughtful. Rose had also sent Lily a gift and it was also something she could wear, a rust colored hat that looked exactly Lily’s style and would match well with the girl’s ginger hair. She had also made some flowers out of colored paper and filled the hat with them so they would spill out when she opened it. 
Rose put the necklace on and decided then to only take it off when absolutely necessary. 
Aside from opening presents and eating a good amount of food Rose didn’t have much planned for Christmas day, she took a walk by the forest, paying a short visit to Hagrid before venturing back out into the forest again, she had brought the herbs from her first attempt at unicorn catching with her but once again even in the bright of day something about the forest unnerved Rose, especially all on her own. 
She returned to the castle to spend the next few days preparing to return to classes, as well as owling Lily daily with thanks for the gift and questions of how her sister’s holiday was going along with updates of her own. 
She was writing to Lily on the evening of New Years Eve, it was incredibly quiet in the Slytherin common room with only the sounds of fire crackling and distance waves. Rose was wrapped in a blanket and nursing a cup of tea when she heard a soft voice whisper from outside the entrance
“Pureblood”
the voice said 


Chapter 16
Rose looked in the direction of the voice to be met by the grey eyes of Regulus Black.
The boy removed his coat and shook some water out of his hair. It had been raining all day, no sign of stopping. For once his hair looked untidy, it was down, she could really see how much it had grown when it was not pulled back and the moisture of the rain made it appear even curlier. He looked almost like a girl.
“Would you like to come eat with me in the great hall?”
The boy asked as if no time had passed since the last time they had done so.
“Yeah. Of course.”
So Rose answered the same way.
If it had been anyone else they may have started the meal with an explanation, but Regulus simply ate his dinner as if nothing was wrong. As if this wasn’t the first time they’d spoken in months.
“What are you doing here, Regulus?”
“You wanted to spend Christmas here, I figured you probably would.”
Not exactly the answer she was looking for.
“Okay…how are you here though?”
 “I asked mother if since the Christmas holidays were over I could return early to get a head start on my studies. She agreed.”
He answered her questions without looking at her. And in a dull voice that made Rose uneasy.
“They are always too busy being angry at Sirius to notice me around this time anyway.” He continued. Voice unchanging.
Rose nodded.
“So…what now?” She asked. Looking up to met his eyes. Someone could spend forever trying to understand what was going on behind them.
“I’ll do whatever you like. Even participant in your mischief.”
He said then continued eating, Rose sat back, a bit confused and a bit conflicted, but ultimately her curiosity got the better of her.
“I know just what I want to do.”
Rose said as the sounds of rain hitting the castle echoing through the practically empty great hall.
Now the sounds of glass vials clinking together could be heard even over the rain as Rose rummaged through the vacant potions classroom. Searching through potions that had been locked away, lucky for her Remus knew how to get to them and thus, now she knew.
“Do you break into classrooms often?”
“I wouldn’t say often…more…as needed.”
“Right. What exactly do you need now?”
“This.” Rose said as the vial she was looking for came into view. It was small and curved, a dark green color with a golden top, the contents as clear as water. She grabbed it and showed it to Regulus.
“Truth Serum.” She said with a cheeky smile
“Veritaserum” He said without one.
“It’s said that just a few drops can have you sharing your darkest secrets so—“ 
Rose opened the cap and carefully placed one drop on her finger before placing the finger in her mouth.
“One drop should make this night a bit more interesting.” 
Regulus’ eyes grew wide at her actions. Before she placed the vial in his hands.
“Your turn.”
“It doesn’t work if you know you’ve taken it.”
“It doesn’t work AS WELL. Your turn.”
He breathed out a sigh before placing a drop on his finger, then on his tongue as Rose had.
Rose then tightened the cap and placed it back where she found it, closing the case with magic.
“Now, to my favorite spot!”
“To talk to the plants?”
“To talk to you. Next to the plants, but yeah we’re going to the greenhouses it’s too late for professor Sprout to still be there so I can snoop around better.”
“Lead the way. Miss ominous truth serum.”
When they arrived Rose walked to the edge of the room and whispered the fire charm, lighting the incense that would slowly begin to fill the room with a pleasant smokey aroma before returning to her friend. If you could call him that.
“I think it should definitely be working now, so…” Rose began, thinking of a simple question to test the Veritaserum as they each took a seat on the floor against the glass windows.
“What’s your favorite color?”
“I don’t have one.”
“Okay…what’s your favorite thing about the holidays?”
“Seeing Kreacher.”
“Your house elf?” She asked surprised by the answer.
“Yes.”
“Was that the truth?”
“Yes.”
“So it’s working?”
“Yes.” He said once again. Voice softer than it was earlier that day.
“My turn.”  He continued then asked
“What’s your favorite thing about going home for the holidays?”
“I like my room, I like singing with Lily, and I like looking at muggle Christmas lights.”
Usually the greenhouses were filled with beams of sunlight and held a familiar warmth in them but tonight a sleepy blue haze filled the room, it was cold and if you looked up at the ceiling you could see the rainwater trickling down the glass as well as hear the rhythmic taps of it bouncing off it. Regulus looked rather captivating in this light as well. It made Rose wish she had Stephone’s camera again.
“What’s your least favorite thing about going home for the holidays?” Rose spoke quietly. Knowing the answer could be sensitive. Hoping he trusted her.
“It is generally all unpleasant.”
“Why?”
“I am not myself there. It takes time to know myself again when I leave.”
“But…Sirius always says you’re the perfect son. You do everything right…”
“I am the perfect son.” It was said with a rare touch of harshness.
“I’ve always been the perfect son.”
He spoke like the word burned him. Him…
“Someone has to be. My brother surely wont.” His voice softened once more.
“Do you hate Sirius?”
The words slipped out of her lips faster than she could try to stop them.
“I think he can be a coward.”
Rose recoiled a tad. Her own thoughts had reflected that before she took the time to actually get to know the boy, but surely Regulus knew him far better than she did.
“But no. I don’t hate my brother.” Regulus sighed.
“I think he’s brave.” Rose said gingerly. Almost to herself.
A silence fell over them then, and in that silence Rose realized that once the castle was awake again, filled with students her and Regulus would go back to being strangers.
“I think one day you’ll be brave too.” 
Regulus looked at her, right into her sparkling green eyes, he opened his mouth to speak but shut it again. There were no words to be said.
Instead the soft sounds of dripping water and rain filled the room, a yawn escaped Rose’s lips and she sat back more comfortably. Her hand was millimeters away from Regulus’. Their pinkies almost touching.
She placed her pinky atop of his, then wrapped around it. He didn’t pull away, unexpectedly after a moment to accept it, it actually seemed to alleviate some stress from him.
Rose wondered what Sirius would think of their friendship, but quickly dismissed it. Here Sirius did not exist, here no one existed but Rose and Regulus and that was the only reason they could be there together.  
At the end of the day Regulus was a kid like her, his childlike wonder had seemingly been snatched away by circumstance, but he was still just a kid.
“Do you like being friends with Sirius more than me?” The boy asked in such a tone it was as if he was afraid of the answer. Black hair bad fallen into his face to be pushed back by Rose’s cautious hand.
“You and Sirius are too different to compare.”
And that was the truth.
The next morning professor Sprout did her usual rounds of the greenhouses, watering the plants as needed etc. She noticed the door of one particular greenhouse slightly agar and peeked inside to find the two second years sound asleep. Gracefully leaned against one another while incense smoldered across the room.
She shut the door quietly. Deciding to leave them to a cozy start to the new year. 


Chapter 17
“Regulus!”
Rose yelled shaking the boy awake.
“We fell asleep! It’s got to be midday by now! We missed breakfast!”
Regulus groaned and rubbed his face. His black hair had fallen messily around his eyes. He stretched out a bit before looking up at her. 
“You are very loud.”
“Oh there’s no time for all that now get up.”
She pulled the boy up and allowed him find his balance before letting go.
“Everyone will be coming back tomorrow so we must make the most of today.”
“Are we going on another one of your schemes?”
“…I was hoping so, yes.” Rose answered though unsure of what they could get up to.
“We’ll go to the common room first, I need to get my things. And I need to unpack if you’ll help with that.”
“You haven’t unpacked?”
“No, I came strai— I just haven’t unpacked.”
The truth serum had worn off then.
They made their way to the Slytherin common room then to the boys dorms. Regulus placed his coat gently on his bed then pulled the trunk his things were packed into on it as well. Rose thought how Sirius would have been different, how he would have tossed his jacket on the bed, a large smile on his face. Were Rose and Lily this different? Or do the differences in siblings only start when they grow apart?
“It’s really bleak in here. Don’t you guys decorate?”
“Why would we do that?”
“I don’t know…to make it feel more like home.”
Regulus gave Rose and odd look at that, and she realized something through his wistful gaze.
He doesn’t know what home feels like.
“Well, to start, did you know adding candles makes it warmer? And the light flickers along the walls—” Rose was standing away from him now, running her hand along the wall to demonstrate. She turned back to look at him again.
“It’s nice.”
“I can make some candles.”
Regulus was a very skilled wizard. Especially in transfiguration and potions.
“I know you can.”
Rose said while Regulus began to unpack clothing and some new books.
“Have you ever read a muggle book before?” She asked
“No I haven’t, probably best I don’t.”
She nodded as he took out a journal, black leather with a string wrapped around it, when he unwrapped it a small piece of paper fell out, it looked like a paper plane that has been squished flat.
“Barty makes these. Sometimes I pick them up.”
“Are they nice? Your friends?”
“That’s not exactly the word I would use to describe them, no.” He said while taking out a green quidditch jersey “Black” written in big white letters on the back.
That switched her focus from his friends to quidditch. She ran her fingers over the letters.
“I almost forgot you play, I must say I didn’t expect it but I’ve heard you’re rather good.”
“From who?”
“…James Potter”
And that led Regulus to tell Rose something she did not know, apparently James had tried a good few times to chat with Regulus if the Slytherin and Gryffindor teams had crossed paths during practice, Regulus just figured he was trying to spy for Sirius. In reality he was probably impressed with his flying.
“He’s very excitable.” Rose said happily, Ready to see James’ smiling face again in the coming days
“I’d say loud.”
“Kinda talkative isn’t he?”
“Annoyingly overbearing.”
“You sound like Lily.”
“And you sound like Sirius.”
Rose gasped.
“You take that back!” If he was Sirius she would have shoved him to the floor for saying that, seeing as he had such a negative view of his brother, but instead she just huffed and changed the subject.
“Want to add some herbs to these candles?” She asked, during their discussion of James and quidditch(for which Reg was a seeker) he had transformed some book pages into short white candles.
“What will that do?”
“Make them look interesting? And maybe smell nice too. Plus I’ve had these in my pocket for days.”
“That can’t be good for the herbs.”
“They are dry anyway! I will say however, these may cause your candles to attract unicorns.”
Perhaps they should market them as unicorn attractant.
“What?” Regulus gave a rather confused look.
“Oh nothing.”
Her Veritaserum had worn off as well.


Chapter 18
“James!” Rose said as she ran up to him. Her green scarf flowing behind her.
She had already greeted Lily with the tightest hug she could muster earlier so when she reached James she simply slapped him on the back fondly. The boys close behind him.
“How was your holiday, mate?!” Rose asked excitedly.
“Bloody boring without you four!” He said putting an arm around Peter and Sirius. Remus started walking alongside Rose. He seemed tired. He always seemed tired.
“Did your mum put up Christmas lights, Remus? I didn’t see any around here. Just loads of candles.” 
“She did.” Lupin smiled a small, weary smile a scar on his lip curling upwards along with his lips.
“Did you ask about Easter?” James asked the boy.
“I won’t be able to make it.”
“What about you, Black?”
“Can’t. Wreaked too much havoc over Christmas break.”
“I can stay!” Peter chimed in happily.
“Ah ha! It’ll be the three musketeers then! We’ll make sure to do something special for you two!” James said hoping to bring a bit of joy to Remus and Sirius about the situation.
“We have plenty of time to plan, whatever we do everyone will be in on it!” Rose said as the group reached the castle.
______
Later that day the five of them met up in the library to discuss ideas as well as look through books of spells for inspiration.
“We’ll have time to make a big change.” Rose began, speaking quietly.
“So we should take advantage of that. We’ll have the whole castle to ourselves basically, save for a few prefects and professors, but they won’t be as strict as usual.”
Rose continued, sharing what she learned from her experience staying behind.
Peter listed off a few ideas, but everyone agreed they were all a bit weak for what they envisioned.
“We’ve already convinced a professor it was the weekend Pete, plus that doesn’t really work the same after a break.”
“I was just trying to get the ball rolling” Peter grumbled.
“We could fill the stairs with marbles.”
“That’s a very muggle prank, Rose. Cute but not enough.” James said.
“Hmmmm” The group seemed to hum at the same time.
Just then Lily walked by along with her friend Severus. The boys all seemed to rather hate Severus. Because he was a Slytherin, kind of a tosser, and more importantly for James, friends with Lily. Rose had always gotten a rather off vibe about the boy, she hadn’t joined in on any of the pranks they had pulled specifically on him but she had not stopped them either.
“Lily Flower!” James shouted, as obnoxiously as ever. The librarian threw a warning look their way.
Lily sighed and made a rather pathetic attempt at hiding her face.
“It’s probably best to leave her be when she’s with Severus, James.” Rose warned. Not wanting an issue to arise.
“Besides, Lupin’s been reading his page over for the past few minutes. I think he’s got an idea.” Rose continued.
“I do.” Remus gave a cheeky smile then continued speaking.
“I don’t know if it’s possible yet, since they seem to have a mind of their own, but, I was thinking we change all the portraits to have the same face.”
“Brilliant!” Sirius and James exclaimed at the same time. Soon thereafter shushed by the librarian.
Then James whispered.
“But what face should we use?”
“Snivellus?” Sirius asked
“Or us.” Rose suggested.
“Us?” Remus asked.
“Yeah, everyone knows it’s always us anyway, you lot have made that very clear a few times already, why not put our faces on it? Would be a lot prettier than hundreds of Severus too.”
Sirius smiled at her. A big proud smile.
“Moony, Thorns, you two are just brilliant.” He said with a shimmer in his smokey grey eyes.
“Are you sure you want to put your face on it, Rose? You’ve evaded getting detention with us thus far.” James said with a sliver of concern.
“I’d say it’s about time I joined in then.” Rose said with a smirk.
__
Easter holiday had come quickly, there’s just something about coming back after Christmas break that makes time fly by. Rose had not taken part in many pranks with the boys in perpetration for their exams and for the prank her, James, and Peter were going to make happen.
 They said their goodbyes to Remus and Sirius, the latter oh which was rather annoyed he didn’t get to help out any further. They watched the boys leave for the train and then made their way back to Hogwarts, stopping by Honeydukes(a sweet shop) on the way back, Rose bought a chocolate frog and just some regular bars of chocolate but none of it was for her. The frog was to sneak into Regulus’ dorm and leave on his beside table for when he returned(hopefully it would still be good) and the regular chocolate was to be sent to Remus as a “sorry you didn’t get to stay” gift. The transfer would be rather different, first sending it home to Lily then having her package it and send it to Remus via muggle post. Rose hoped it would be worth it and the sweets would get to her friend alright. He enjoyed them and she wanted to do something nice for him.
“Can I ask you something, Thorns?”
James asked days into their stay at Hogwarts, when he, Peter, and Rose were lazed about in the boys dorms. His head hanging off the bed and his legs in the air.
“Of course, Potter. Go ahead.”
Rose had heard the two boys whispering about something they had been planning, they had said they simply couldn’t tell Rose no matter how bad they wanted to. Maybe this was it.
“Do you fancy Moony, Thorns?”
This was definitely not it.
Peter’s attention shot up from the letter he was writing to none other than Remus himself at James’ question.
“No! Why’d you think that?!” Rose said standing up on the bed she was laying on. Probably Sirius’ since no one corrected her for doing so and she could tell which was Remus’.
She knew because of the small potted plant that was sitting on the beside table next to it. A letter in Remus’ hand written with specific instructions on how to keep it alive in case Peter and James had to do so alone was pinned to the pot.
She had gotten it for him when he seemed particularly down. It was a small violet, but it was flourishing with his care.
“Well, I know why you think that.” Rose followed up her first statement and sat back down.
“But no. I don’t fancy anyone.” She paused again before speaking once more.
“Sorry, Peter.”
He sighed and took a nibble of some sweets he had opened next to him.
__
Then, the day finally came.
The three of them were posted throughout the castle entrance, wands ready and just as students started pouring in— they waited. Waited for the exact moment Sirius and Remus  walked through those doors.
Then they did, arm in arm, smiles on their faces. Sirius beamed and seemed to pull the other boy forward.
“Now!” James said and without another word the deed was done.
Some portraits complained and some even screamed as their faces changed. Laughter form the marauders and Rose echoed loudly through the room but was not loud enough to drown out professor McGonagall.
Minerva McGonagall(who Sirius fondly called “Minnie”) screeched  “20 points from Gryffindor!” before swiftly adding…
“And Slytherin!”
And Rose could almost hear her roommates collective annoyed sigh from where she stood.
When all five of the troublemakers met back up with one another Sirius had one thing to say as he wrapped his arms around Remus and Rose’s shoulders with the other two boys close by.
“As I keep saying mates, bloody brilliant!”
Those portraits looked like the five of them for weeks. 


Chapter 19
 June 30th 1974 
These days, time flew by so fast.
 So fast. 
Muffled giggles echoed through the Slytherin girl’s dorms. The girl’s fourth roommate was already in bed for the night and Rose herself was lying down fiddling with her wandlight out of boredom and anticipation for the journey home in the morning. The giggles were coming from inside the closed curtains of Stephone’s bed where her and Ode had been for the last half hour,  joking and telling stories from the school year. Rose simply didn’t feel up to joining them, plus three could be a crowd on their rather small beds.
Instead she watched the candlelight dancing around her little corner of their dorms thinking of Regulus doing the same across the common room in the boys dorms.
She felt a little jealous of Stephone and Ode, her and Ode still made time for one another, studying nearly everyday under a tree near the lake, but Rose could feel her friend growing closer to their roommate and despite knowing she was doing the same thing it felt…well it was an odd type of feeling. The kind you know you shouldn’t feel but do anyway.
Her mind wandered back to Regulus as she sat her wand down and pulled her blankets close. She had not lost a friend in him, she had just lost time. She thought back to New Years Eve, talking with him until they both drifted off to sleep, comfortable enjoy to stay there together. Safe.
 That may never happen again.   They hadn’t talked since then, they hadn’t even looked at one another.
As Rose closed her eyes and tried to picture him from that night she found herself wishing she had Stephone’s camera once more. To have captured the moment she wrapped her pinkie around his would have also captured a moment he might have felt at home.
Something he could not continue to feel.
Once everything was taken care of at school and it was time to board the Hogwarts Express Rose had already made the choice to sit by herself on the way home. Craving the alone time before joining her family again for the first time since the start of the school year. She was excited to go back to her own room and hoped being away for so long this time around would in turn make summer more enjoyable.
She gazed out the window, watching fields of green zoom by as she lost herself to daydreams, brought out a journal to edit some botanical illustrations of magical plants she had been working on, and reread the poem Ode had written for her nearly a near ago.
Much had already changed, and would continue to change, but in her last moments of solitude before the train stopped at Platform 9 3/4 Rose had accepted those changes. 
   __
Days later Rose was sitting on her bed reading  Poems and Fragments by Sappho  when the first owl came.
Sappho was and Ancient Greek poet from the island of Lesbos. She often wrote of the woes of love and Rose found it fascinating.
Then the owl perched on her bedpost so she closed her book and grabbed the letter.
“Thank you, miss.” She said to the owl as she opened a letter from Ode.
It contained a Polaroid picture of the girl and her sister, making silly faces with green hair and green hands. Smiles big and bright.
“Thinking of you!” Was written at the bottom with a heart next to it in green ink.
Rose smiled and placed the photo in her book for safe keeping. The letter attached was a lengthy explanation of how the girl’s first week of summer had gone and upon finishing it Rose brought out some parchment to send back an equally detailed account of the days.
That was the first of many owls that summer. Most of which were from the Marauders.
James would write often, and often he would ask about Lily and Rose would refuse to answer his questions. She would tell Lily each time and the girls would have a laugh.
Remus didn’t write much, but would send letters the muggle way, he always seemed to use the most interesting stamps. Rose had begun to keep them, she had also begun to notice something, some of his letters were written neatly while others seem to grow progressively ragged. It wasn’t enough to cause alarm but the inconsistency with his handwriting puzzled her.
Then their was the situation with Peter and Sirius.
Sirius’ mother had undoubtedly told him he couldn’t write her. Or Remus for that matter. Maybe even James, but one person he could contact was Peter, and he made the most of that. Peter’s owls always seemed to arrive at night so Rose would sit up waiting for them, leaving the window open would make the room chilly so she would set up shop under her covers, staying up to read or write while waiting.
The way it would work is, Peter would send a letter with two different sections, the top was his own, the bottom was Sirius’ and more often than not he also sent a response to what Sirius had written as well since he would have to read it in order to get it to her. Sometimes Rose could swear he seemed annoyed by them but he still helped anyway. A good friend.
Rose could only assume he also did this for the other two boys as well and felt a tad bad for Peter for having to be Sirius’ messenger, especially when her birthday gift came.
Despite it being Summer, July 31st was rainy. Rose didn’t mind it, she liked the soft darkness that feel upon the house on a rainy day. The smell of it too, she swore rain had a smell to her.
She awoke to Lily jumping into bed beside her. 
“Happy Thirteenth Birthday, Rosie!” Lily yelled and gave her sister a tight hug before crawling under the covers with her.
“You’ve already got a few owls, and one came with a box, looks like it’s from Peter.” Lily said happily.
“I didn’t know I’d mentioned when my birthday was, must have at some point I guess”. Rose yawned before nuzzling up to her sister. Lily always smelled good. Like honeysuckle and tea. Rose was sure she probably smelled like grass and ash in comparison, especially after a day working in the greenhouses with professor Sprout. Sprout was of incense but after they had burned out they would smolder and a smokey smell would linger in the room, while Rose found it familiar and comforting it was probably rather unpleasant to others, or so Rose thought.
“You said I got a box?”
“Yeah. From Peter Pettigrew”.
“More likely it’s actually from Sirius Black.”
Lily raised an eyebrow at that.
“We’ll now I have to know what’s in it.” Lily said and she removed herself from her sister’s side to bring her the box. By the time she returned Rose had sat up and put her glasses on, Lily sat back down and handed her the gift.
The box was long and black, even the packaging seemed to be of rather high quality. 
Rose opened it and sure enough there was a letter with Sirius’ name sitting atop of the gift itself.
“It’s a wand.”
“A wand?! Really?”
“Yeah.” Rose said a bit confused as she took it out of the box to get a better look.
It’s a dark green wand, ivy leaves carved into it, the vines engraved into the wood looked like snakes climbing a tree. It was wonderfully crafted.
She opened the letter and read it aloud so Lily could hear.
“Managed to sneak away from you long enough during our last few Hogsmeade trips to get this, saw a 5th year doing magic with two wands and thought you might like to hon your skills more.” She stopped for a moment before reading the rest to herself.
Not that there’s anything wrong with your wand! It fits you for sure, but now I can help you get even better. Plus there’s no rule saying we CAN’T duel-wield wands like gunslingers! Anyway, Happy Birthday, Thorns. 
 See you soon,  
 Sirius O. Black 
Under that in Peter’s handwriting was a small notation.
 He sent these too…I can only assume they’re not for me. 
That’s when Rose noticed them, she sat the letter down to dump out the rest of the envelope’s contents out on her bed.
Rose petals. They looked like they had only just been picked from the rose, probably some charm to keep them fresh.
How pretentious.
How wonderful.
How   Sirius.


Chapter 20
Rose entered the Hogwarts Express with Lily, and when she spotted James Potter’s curly hair her eyes lit up and her sister breathed a heavy sigh, pinching the bridge of her nose.
“Go on, have your fun.”
“Thanks, Lil.” Rose said giving her sister a quick hug before practically running over to James and Sirius.
“James!” She yelled and immediately wrapped him in a hug that he tightened. He wobbled a bit at the sudden exchange though he was still standing. He reached up to fix his glasses.
He was taller.
All the marauders were taller that year, all expect Sirius.
The hug ended and James sat down, Rose squeezed in between him and Sirius, there was an empty seat on the other side of the cart but that space was saved for Peter and Remus. Rose poked Sirius in the side, and in a joyous tone asked
 “So, where’s your second wand hm, Sirius? If we’re going to learn to be duel-welders together I should see it.”
“Wasting no time on greetings I see.” He said in response.
His voice was different.
A hint of poshness left from his upbringing was still there, but his voice almost reminded her of Remus’ now, though harsher than Remus’.
“I said hello to James….in a way. Now, wand I wanna see it.” 
James knew of Sirius’ birthday gift to her, he had been the first one she wrote to about it actually, and Sirius probably told him beforehand as well, he seemed to tell James absolutely everything.
That would change.
“If you were paying attention, you would have noticed it already.”
He said while removing the wand from his hair, it had been holding a bun together so upon removal his hair fell to his shoulders gracefully. The wand itself was thin and angular, a dark black wood with geometric carvings along it. This wand seemed much more like him compared to the one he had been using. That one was just as dark but seemed to have his family’s taste, something Sirius didn’t care for.    
Just as Rose was about to open her mouth to praise it, a light smell of cigarette smoke wafted over them. Then Remus took his seat and Peter followed from behind.
“Sorry for the wait mates, this one was walking slow. Didn’t want to leave him.” Remus said while putting a muggle lighter in his pocket.
Whereas James had grown taller, Remus grew TALL, and even Peter seemed overall larger than he had been the year before. Peter’s voice kept a chipper sound to it were’s Remus’ was anything but.
As everyone settled in for the long ride Rose examined each one of them, James had a few spots of acne across his cheeks, the pinkness adding an extra youthful look to his appearance. Almost like a permanent flush. 
Peter’s hair was more of a dirty blonde now, and Sirius…Sirius’ face seemed to have lost all the softness of childhood, his jawline was more defined than it was the previous school year, his face had a hardness to it that resembled what Rose had seem of his father from the window of the Hogwarts Express, but that hardness did not make it’s way to his eyes. Sirius’ eyes sparkled with life.
The changes in the boys were not completely unexpected, they were in their fourth year now, all at least fourteen.
Rose wondered how much she had changed, her hair was messier, curlier, and tad longer. She wasn’t currently wearing her glasses, and her father’s coat fit a bit snugger than it did the year before, but those changes all seemed to pale in comparison to what the summer had done to her friends.
Rose looked around the train to try and wave at Ode or maybe even get a peek of Regulus but saw neither, at a point she traded spots with James in order to look out the window, the necklace Lily had given her seemed to glow in the sunbeams that came in through the glass, heating her skin and giving a cozy feeling to the space.
Upon arrival to the castle Rose parted from the marauders and made her way to the Slytherin table for the sorting ceremony.
Occasionally when a new Slytherin was announced, some of Regulus’ friends would get rather loud, and each time Rose could see an annoyed glint in Regulus’ eyes begin to grow. Near the end of the ceremony the boys named Barty and Evan had been exceptionally loud, at that Regulus simply put down the book he had been reading(utterly ignoring everything around him to the best of his ability) and sent a look at the boys. A long, silent look that made Rose feel queasy. The table was quieter for the rest of the ceremony and following feast.
That was new too. There was no denying that Regulus’ cousin Bellatrix had become a death eater when she graduated Hogwarts, but that alone could not be enough to inspire the sort of morbid respect…almost obedience…the boys Regulus followed seem to have for him. Rose wanted to know more.
When the feast had finished, but before leaving the Great Hall Rose told Ode(who’s hair was back to normal so the green must have been a summer thing) that she would be down to their dorms in a bit and walked over to the Gryffindor table, waving happily at Lily before being pulled into a tight side hug from James who then waved just as excitedly to Lily.
Lily’s response was scoffing and turning to talk to her friend Marlene.
Yet another difference in third year was how affectionate everyone was, including herself.
James and Rose were the first to begin showing larger amounts of platonic affection.
Sirius was next,
then Moony,
and Peter never really did. 


Chapter 21
James tremendously over expects how much Rose cares about quidditch, and Remus, and Peter, and it’s hard to tell if Sirius is really passionate about quidditch or just listens to inadvertently learn how his little brother is doing while also supporting his best mate.
Rose would be a liar if she said those are not also the reasons she listens so intently.
And also the reason why she was at the quidditch pitch with James a mere two hours before curfew.
“James we need to go, you’ve already practiced on your own for HOURS. It’s getting cold!”
Rose said tightening her father’s jacket around her, hands in her pockets, tips of her ears pink from the cold.
“We’re playing Slytherin in a two weeks, Rose. I have to be prepared. I swear Regulus challenges with his eyes every time I see him.”
“Regulus glares at us all James.”
“All but you.” He said with a pointed, suspicious look.
“What can I say, I’m harder to glare at.”
“Mmhm” He said finally hopping off the broom he had been hovering next to Rose on.
“Let’s go James, once again, It’s bloody cold.”
Two weeks later the Slytherin vs. Gryffindor match came, and Rose was sitting beside Remus who was next to Sirius with Peter sitting in front of them, he’d look behind him to talk more than he would actually pay attention to the game.
Sirius was as Gryffindor as Gryffindor could be, all red and gold and ecstatic. His cheeks were pink and he was loud as ever shouting for James. Dark hair a wonderful mess.
Remus was much more laid back in his support. Rose had painted his cheeks with red and gold face paint, he matched with Mary, Marlene, and Lily. All but Lily seemed to swoon for it.
Peter didn’t do much extra for house spirit but did have a bucket of popcorn in his hands, and that bucket was also red and gold.
And then there was Rose, in a sea of red and gold she wore face paint of her own, green and gold, matching her necklace and showing support for both teams, her breath was a visible mist from the cold even through she had her slytherin scarf wrapped loosely around her neck so that it covered her lips to keep them from chapping.
But under the plain sweater and long leather coat was a green quidditch jumper with “Black” written on the back in raised letters.
Earlier that day Ode had told Rose there was a package in the common room for her, she asked who it was from and the girl said she wasn’t sure, just that it was addressed to her, when Rose made her way to the common room she found a plain green box with a small note pinned to it.
For Thorns, 
at least that’s what they call you
The note had no sender, but Rose knew.
She took it to her dorm and made sure she was alone before opening the box, inside was a green jumper with the slytherin emblem on it, Rose had seen James with plenty of the same thing just in red and gold instead. A quidditch jersey. Upon checking the name, it was as Rose had suspected, one of Regulus’ quidditch jerseys. He didn’t leave any other note so he knew he didn’t have to write or say it, Rose would just know.
Don’t let anyone see you wear this.
Even though his cousins that were supposed to spy on him had graduated or been removed from the family as a whole in some cases…he was careful to not interact with Rose. During her first weeks back Rose would occasionally find herself wondering if her friendship with Regulus was over, the utter silence paired with him generally seeming a bit more like a cold-hearted prick did that. He and Sirius had a few interactions as well. All seemed to leave Sirius in a bitter mood. Yet at times Reg would do something like give her one of his jerseys. Reassuring her, even if from far away that their friendship was still there.
So there she was, and while Rose was there to support James, hell even Lily was cheering for James, Rose couldn’t help but watch Regulus.
Rose thought back to when she helped him unpack, it gelt like forever ago now. She thought back to running her hand over the raised letters on the jersey she now wore, she thought about how it would be nice to do the same to the one he wore now, warmth radiating from beneath it.
She was brought out of her thoughts when she noticed Regulus squinting with intensity, hyper focused on something in particular, the golden snitch.
Rose didn’t know much about quidditch but she knew that the job of a seeker(his position) was to catch that little golden thing.
And that’s exactly was he was about to do.
After a long, tedious game,
Regulus Black caught the golden snitch.
Regulus Black won their team the Slytherin vs. Gryffindor match.
“Yes!” Rose shouted and stood up with excitement, cheeks pinker with happiness, hands closed together in fists, a visible smile on her face as the scarf fell from it.
Sirius and Remus looked up at her with pitiful expressions.
“….sorry, mates.” She said with a small chuckle. 


Chapter 22
James was utterly distraught about the loss, but Rose knew he would still manage to have a good time at what was suppose to be a celebration of the Gryffindor victory but ended up being a post-loss party.
Most in attendance would be Gryffindors from 5th year and up, so the boys still kind of belonged but Rose surely didn’t. Even so, after the match Rose went back to her dorm to change, neatly folding Regulus’ jumper and placing it under her bed with her journal and other personal belongings before going to wait in the common room for one of the marauders to come get her.
Knock knock knock
Three knocks. Quick succession. Sirius.
She left the dungeons quietly alongside him, keeping a lookout for teachers for prefects as they made their way to the Gryffindor common room. There they met up with the other marauders along with two of Lily’s friends, Mary and Marlene, the latter mentioned hanging out with Dorcas at the party which made Rose consider asking Ode to join, but figured it was best not to.
Mary was a very pretty girl, her smile was infectious, and her hair was dark and full of bouncy curls. Marlene had a angular face speckled with freckles and blonde hair cut very similarly to Rose’s, the girl had an androgynous look to her.
Mary offered to do Rose’s makeup and she happily agreed, her and Lily had gotten into their mother’s lipstick plenty of times but she’d never properly done her makeup before and wanted to learn. Marlene helped here and there, Rose felt her breath hitch and heat rise to her cheeks when Marlene touched her face to steady it as she applied mascara to Rose’s lashes. Marlene withdrew(previously mere inches away from Rose’s face) to look at the finished product, giving Mary a smile and two thumbs up.
Peter had made a comment about them taking too long, saying they should have done that stuff in the girl’s dorms. Marlene just rolled her eyes and began gathering her things.
“Well we’re ready now. Let’s go.” She said placing the makeup in her bag.
Rose saw Sirius glance at it with interest before they tried(and failed miserably) to fit the whole group under the invisibility cloak.
“We’ll just have to be quiet then. The passageway isn’t too far from here.” James said as they discarded the cloak and made their way through the halls.
For a while it was silent and pitch black, but the closer they got to the party the more the faint sounds of music and chatter could be heard. The passageway gained a dim red glow as they approached the opening.
Upon entry the music evolved from the distance murmur they could hear in the passageway into clear words.
Then I looked in those big green eyes
And I wondered what I'd come there for
She's just a devil woman
With evil on her mind
Beware the devil woman
She's gonna get you
Rose recognized the muggle music, even over the sounds of the space. The room was packed, some people were dancing, some were singing, but most were talking or yelling. All throughout the room there was noise of some kind. Rose also noticed a layer of smoke hovering in the air like fog, a mix of cigarette smoke and something else. At first Rose 
attempted to swat it away but she found that to be a lost cause. There were also drinks being slung around between the older students, and plenty mentions of fire whiskey.
As the first song came to a close the familiar beat of “Rasputin” began playing and at that moment James and Sirius had simultaneously begun to dance playfully, practically bouncing to the music, singing along in silly voices.
There lived a certain man in Russia long ago!
He was BIG and STRONG, in his eyes a flaming glow~
They alternated between singing together and finishing one another’s verses comedically.
The two had gained a crowd as the song continued, people clapping along and dancing with them, Mary’s smile grew wide as she watched Sirius and in response he grabbed Remus, and had him join in, throwing his arms over Remus and James’ shoulders as they bopped around fluidly.
—
The night was full of muggle music, Mary even recommended “Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!” By ABBA, A song Rose had danced around alone in her bedroom to on many nights back home.
But this was not her room, and she was not alone, and while she enjoyed to laugh along and watch she would find herself hiding out with Peter more often that not, just to have Sirius pull her back in a few songs after her escape.
—
This time she returned to the action on her own. She had been humming along with the last song that played, but as she heard the intro to the one playing now she didn’t want to miss it.
She recognized it as one Ode had recommended to her over the summer, Rose listened to it on repeat after picking up the record. Thankfully Lily enjoyed the song too.
She joined the rest of the marauders and bumped into James playfully singing along to the song.
Just because you've become a young woman now
There's still some things that you don't understand now
Before you ask some guy for his hand now
Keep your freedom for as long as you can now
My mama told me
You better shop around
Rose found herself dancing along to the upbeat tune, Sirius took this as an invention to join her, grabbing one of her hands and spinning her a bit which earned a yelp from the girl.
And that’s when he joined in singing.
Try to get yourself a bargain, girl
Don't be sold on the very first one
Good-looking guys come a dime a dozen
Try to find you one who's gonna give you true loving
He was singing, dancing, and acting all at once as if trying to tell the story the song was presenting. His singing voice was captivating the “acting” over the top.
Rose sang right back at him.
Before you take a man and say I do now
Make sure he's in love with you now
My mama told me
You better shop around
Rose dramatically dropped his hand, smiling brightly.
During their dance Mary had stopped watching Sirius, but Remus had started.
“I didn’t know you could actually sing WELL!”
Rose said as she shoved Sirius playfully when the music faded.
Sirius seemed to be bloody good at everything.
He gave a half smirk and bowed dramatically before speaking.
“You stay here I’ll be right back yeah? I gotta show you something.” He gave a quick smiled before running into the crowd of people, returning a little while later with something in his hands.
“Come with me?” He asked
“Where are we going?”
“Preferably outside” He said sounding unsure, as if he hadn’t really planned that far ahead.
“I know somewhere.” Rose said as he put whatever it was in his hands into one of the pockets of his leather jacket.
“I like your jacket by the way.” She said with a smile as they ventured back out into the darkness. 


Chapter 23
As they entered the greenhouse Rose walked to the edge of the room to light the powdered incense inside the hanging metal holder in the corner of the room, it had become ritual to do so when she would come work on growing plants and her tree with professor Sprout.
Rose didn’t actually take Herbology until her second term but would often stop by the greenhouses to assist the professor.
The tables were filled with baby mandrake plants, Rose suspected Sprout had probably been teaching about them early in the day. 
“So what are you going to show me?” Rose asked, turning to look at Sirius who had magically sprouted a few roses out of some pots filled with dirt. Rose smiled and continued before he could answer.
“And- you know Rose’s aren’t my favorite flower. I mean I didn’t name myself.”
He put his wand back in his pocket.
“What is then?”
Rose thought for a moment before answering.
“I fancy lilacs, there’s a lilac bush under my window back home, actually.”
“Don’t know of any spell to transform roses to lilacs, but what I wanted to show you….” He trailed off as he reached in his pocket then started speaking again. Gryffindor scarf hanging loosely around his neck.
“I heard my cousin Andromeda talking about it once, I know Moony’s tried it, I just saw some at the party and thought, James wouldn’t like that very much, or Pete, but Rose might.”
He said taking what looked like of one Moony’s hand-rolled cigarettes out of his pocket. It had a rather strong smell, a green, but unpleasant smell.
“Do you trust me?”
He asked and she nodded quickly.
“Of course.”
“Okay.”
He put the substance to his lips, whispered the fire charm and lit it while breathing in, coughing thereafter.
“It’s not a cigarette, Rose.”
“I’ve gathered. From the you know…smell.”
“Do you want to try?” He said taking another drag, this time longer, and with less coughing.
“Sure, you seem to be struggling.” She said, corner of her lip turning up into a smirk as she sat down, back on the cold wall.
“Hey!” He said, before handing her the joint and sitting down beside her, looking up at the stars through the glass ceiling.
Being as she was much more careful, Rose coughed a whole lot less.
They passed the smelly substance back-and-forth, taking a couple hits each time before passing it back to the other.
Rose could feel the world become more vivid around her, she felt heavy and light all at once.
When Rose first realized the substance had started to work she ventured into her own mind, eventually being pulled back to reality by the comforting feeling of Sirius’ presence next to her, and the want to share some
of her thoughts with him.
That feeling reminded Rose of the effects of the truth serum in an odd sort of way.
Their conversation started as random statements that would be met with fits of giggles, then they would try to explain to the other what they were feeling but stop when they ran out of words. Sirius would make jokes, an example being shaking his hair in his face, frowning, then making some remark about looking like “snivellus”.
Sirius’ aura began to shift as the night went on. He settled into something more solemn and inquisitive than what Rose was use to seeing from him.
“Rose?” He got her attention and she hummed a response, prompting him to explain further.  
“Where’s your dad?”
Rose stiffened, taking in a sharp breath before breathing out again just as sharply.
“I don’t know if he left on his own, or if something happened to him. No one seems to know, even the people whose job is to know. He’s either dead, or dead to me.” She said.
“So you wear his stuff in case he didn’t abandon you and your sisters?” Sirius asked.
“I wear his stuff because, why let something nice go to waste because in theory it could be ruined?” She asked rhetorically while twirling her green wand between her fingers. They had ling finished smoking by now.
After a moment of silence she looked over at him, moonlight throwing a blue haze over his skin, she could see the flush on his cheeks from under the blue.
His eyes, much like his brother’s, seemed to take on the color of the space he occupied and thus Sirius’ eyes took on a blue hue. They, not only now, but always seemed to be full of the strongest emotions a person could muster. The emotions poets and ancient philosophers wrote about; rage, love, and an unbearable need to be free and be heard. Rose compared his eyes to Regulus’.
The younger Black’s were filled with far less fire than his older counterpart’s. In fact Rose wouldn’t say there was any fire in Regulus’ eyes at all, only the soft glowing embers left behind.
But no ash.
Not yet ash.
“Regulus looks like you.” Rose said after what felt like a silence grown too long.
“You’re giving Reggie too much credit there, Thorns.” He said with a chuckle, then stood up, extending his hand for her to take.
“I wanna go outside.” He said determined. Already walking for the door, he’d yet to let go of her hand from helping her up so she was being tugged towards the door behind him.
“I’m about to start running. You better be able to keep up!” He said as he did in fact start running through the grass.
Rose did the same, yelling a question towards him before laughing.
“But where are we going?!” She said.
“To find a fucking unicorn!” He responded as they ran towards the forest, leaving the greenhouses and party from earlier far behind. 
Despite it being too far away to be possible, Rose could swear she heard music playing in the distance, maybe it was only in her head.
Before you take a man and say I do now
Make sure he's in love with you now
My mama told me 
You better shop around


Chapter 24
After their venture in the wilderness Sirius and Rose returned to the Herbology greenhouses, a few coughs could still be heard between them on occasion, but mostly the glass structure was filled with the echos of laughter.
“We’re never going to find a unicorn!” Rose whisper yelled before plopping down next to some potted plants.
Sirius was leaning ever so slightly on the table.
“No we’re not, but, I do have a more do-able proposition for our little botanist.”
“Me?”
“Yes you, Love. Now, if Moony or myself got more of what we tried, do you think you could grow it?”
“Sirius! Absolutely not!” she said playfully.
“It was worth a shot, right?” He responded, laughing and thereafter leaning further into the table.
That’s when she heard the sound of a clay pot wobbling, then that same flowerpot smashing on the ground. Followed by a piercing scream. The scream of a mandrake, something that could render someone unconscious or worse.
 
She covered her ears quickly and displayed for Sirius to do the same.
__
Rose woke up in Madam Pomfrey’s.
“Oi! Sirius, she’s up mate!” James yelled to Sirius’ hospital bed before Rose could even process being awake.
“You guys are lucky Remus found you and not some professor or prefect.” James said an honorable amount quieter.
“How did you find us?” She asked Remus who was seated next to Potter.
“Just did.” He responded in a mellow voice.
“I also cleaned up, couldn’t tell a thing had happened.”
“Thanks, Moons.” James said for the other two.
Once she was feeling a little more awake Rose spoke up again
“Hey guys? I had another idea for a prank last night.”
“I’m listening.” James said.
“And it’ll involve Snivellus.” She continued.
“And now I’m listening” Sirius said
“We’ll need five vials of polyjuice potion.” Rose said with the hint if a smirk.
Polyjuice potion allowed the drinker to look like another person for an amount of time, but you needed a part of them to make it.
Remus seemed to understand what she was implying.
“We’ll need some of Snape’s hair.” He said to the group, as if telling them to start working on who will be retrieving it.
After a good bit of argument and being shushed by Madam Pomfrey it was decided.
“We’ll all get our own then. We’ll have to tell Peter too.” James said as Madam began shooing Remus and James out.
“I’ll return your friends to you soon, Potter, but for now you and Remus have to go” The woman said sternly.
“Alright alright.” James said as they exited. He also mumbled something to Remus that sounded somewhat like “now you know how we feel” but Rose couldn’t quite understand it.
After that it became a race to see who could get ahold of Severus’ hair the easiest, the boys had all kinds of idea, Potter suggested they should try to romance him, to which Sirius looked beyond horrified and James burst into laughter. Rose simply went to see Lily after she hung out with him to see if any fly away hairs had made it onto her sister or her things and luckily she found one. That should have made her the victor, but the game was really between the four boys. 
__
It took a whole month to collect the rest of the hairs and brew the potions, but once they did Snape had three clones of himself following him around for a few solid hours the day after they all returned from Christmas break, and two more separated from the group and each other to commit individual hijinks as the black haired Slytherin.
All in all it was a well-devised prank, and Rose had begun spending more time with Remus as as side effect, as they mostly worked on the potions together.
In that time Rose had come to the conclusion that something was up with Moony.
Moony.
Remus Lupin.
 Moony. 
With his scars and his sweaters.
The boy was always tired, as a result he usually spoke with that bit of attitude that comes when you haven’t gotten a proper night of sleep.
It was when Rose started studying the moon cycles for potions that  a conspiracy in Rose’s brain began to unfold.
She started taking extra watch of Remus while paying attention to the days and the moon phases. 
__
Months had passed since the polyjuice prank and things had really started to line up, a d halfway through her third year, while working late into the night for a herbology project, Rose was finally going to test two hypothesis she’d been working on. As for the project, she was creating a new charm, having herbology in the colder months made it difficult to test since it had to be plant related but that in itself gave Rose the idea.
It it common knowledge that plants bloom in seasonal intervals.
Some plants are even as specific as blooming during certain hours, such as only at night.
Rose intended to create a spell that when placed on a flowering plant, would alter it’s blooming cycle to match that of the moon’s lunar cycle.
As she worked, beams of moonlight shown through the glass, appearing as a cool violet tone on her skin.
By this time the full moon was high in the sky.
And so she waited. She waited and listened so intensely she almost stopped breathing.
And there it was.
Far in this distance, probably inaudible to anyone not listening out for it, was the sound of howling.
A sound filled with anguish.
It was time to test her second hypothesis.
She pointed her thorned wand at a flower she had grown to test the theory, it was simply a closed bulb currently, but if her charm worked the flower would bloom completely on a full moon, halfway on a half moon and so on.
“ exo lunflos ”
She said pointing the wand at the flower.
And it opened it’s large petals before her and she smiled to herself.
The next day she went to the boys’ dorm and applied the charm to the flower she had gifted Remus in her second year. It was still alive and well taken care of, the note of instructions on how to take care of it had been tucked away long ago. Rose left a different note on it this time around. One Rose had charmed go disappear after it was read by Remus.
 Magic flower! 
 Hey Moons, this is to help with…your…well, moon thing. 
 We don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to, but I know, and I’ve made this to help. It will keep track of the moon phases, just keep watch on how it blooms. 
 Stay safe,  
 Thorns 
They did talk about it, and Rose’s suspicions were in fact correct.
Remus was a werewolf.
He didn’t say more than he deemed absolutely necessary when they talked about it, he’d no doubt had this talk at least one other time with the boys. He ended his speech wistfully.
“So now you know I’m a monster.” He said.
“You’re not a monster Moons, you’re just a boy” Rose responded as comfortingly as she could. 


Chapter 25
Mostly the Spring of 75’
In the days following her conversation with Remus, Rose had addressed all the boys and asked if there were anymore secrets she might need to know about. In response Peter began to speak just for Sirius to quickly cover his mouth.
“I know you’re excited, Pete, but one at at time, and with the group’s approval.” He said.
“Right.” James said in agreement.
“We’ll start with the map?” Remus asked and the others seemed to agree.
They described this map to Rose, pulling out piles of parchment of all shapes and sizes.
“The leftovers from your screw up with Lily turned out to be useful after all, Thorns.” Sirius said with a smirk as they all took their seats in the floor, arranged in a half circle with Rose seated on the opposite side. She saw the charmed flower on the side table beside Remus’ bed, it was dangerously close to being in full bloom.
They began explaining the general idea of their map, one that was animated and accurate to where everyone and everything in or around Hogwarts was. This is where Rose’s help could come in, she had easier access to certain areas than the boys did, and much like them usually enjoyed an adventure outside of the castle as well.
James spoke up and explained that Rose should map some areas out then return the filled parchment back to them so it could be added to the others.
“Alright, James. I’ll need the cloak though, I’m not doing this alone and you lot will be busy soon.” She said glancing back over to the flower.
“Who are you going to bring?” Sirius asked.
“James, I’d like to use my “no questions asked” policy.” Rose said ignoring the question.
The “no questions asked” policy was what it sounded like, you could barrow one of the groups magical items(the sword with rubies in the hilt, the invisibility cloak, or the soon to be magic map) without having to answer questions about it twice a term, Sirius had used his two up on the sword an alarming amount of times, but almost everyone used the ounces of secrecy on the invisibly cloak.
Sirius grumbled but respected the sanctity of the policy and asked no further questions.
—
Which left Rose where she was currently. Hours after agreeing to the venture she waited as the sun went down and her roommates feel asleep before slipping the cloak over herself and leaving the girl’s dorms.
She had two places in mind to go, one was close and one was only a chance, so she took the close option, however her second choice was tempting.
Far before they had completed the polyjuice potion prank, while the boys were scrambling to see who would snatch one of Snape’s hair’s first Rose had met someone she still hadn’t mentioned to the marauders yet.
Xenophilius Lovegood.
He was in the same year as the marauders and Lily. The boy seemed the polar opposite to their own nemesis, Severus Snape.
He had long platinum blonde hair, he shared Rose’s interests in herbolgy and entomology, and he had a face with a permanent smile plastered to it.
Perhaps that was just due to his overuse of the muggle plant Rose had smoked with Sirius at the Gryffindor quidditch-loss party.
Usually her visits to the greenhouses went uninterrupted by anyone other than professor Sprout or Sirius, but at the moment Sirius was coming by less often and with exam season fast approaching Sprout’s longer visits stopped. Even so Rose could swear she felt a presence nearby at times, thought she saw wisps of white hair from time to time.
At that point Rose almost believed the greenhouses were housing a ghost.
Then she saw him, or erm— stepped on him.
“Ow!” Said the silver haired boy laid out in the floor as Rose’s foot came in contact with his side. Luckily she took careful steps in the dark room and quickly removed it.
“So you’re not a ghost!” She exclaimed
“Excuse me?” The boy lying in the floor with a few crystals wrapped in wire hanging from a leather necklace said.
“I’ve been seeing you around, I just didn’t know you were a person, I thought I was being haunted by a rather earthy-smelling ghost.”
At that the boy laughed and motioned for Rose to join him, she did cautiously as he conjured up a large leaf and held it up to the moonlight, it’s veins showed then and he began talking about different leaves, Rose listened intently to the stranger’s herbology lesson, and their conversation continued. Rose learned Xeno was a Ravenclaw, and that he had a crush on a girl named Pandora from Rose’s year who was also a Ravenclaw.
After that meeting Rose would bump into him occasionally and say hello, or they would coexist in the greenhouses while he smoked and she worked, they wouldn’t say a lot, but sometimes he would help Rose with her attempts to grow an undying-tree for the Slytherin common room and the moon phase-flower charm. More often than not though, she would be there first, working and he would arrive only to transfigure a plant of some sort into a record player and lie on the cold floor listening to it, occasionally making a comment about Pandora, a girl Rose hadn’t met but enjoyed hearing about from her strange yet eccentric acquaintance.
This is why Rose considered walking to the greenhouses in hopes the blonde haired boy would be there, she hadn’t seen him in a while but didn’t mind. He wasn’t a fixture in her life, more of a passerby.
This notion motivated her to make her way to the Slytherin boys dorms, there she very carefully snuck into the closed curtains of Regulus’ bed before first casting a silencing charm and summoning her wand light which woke the boy.
Rose’s initial move was to panic and hold the wand to the boys throat, that got her a tired blink from the black-haired boy before he spoke.
“Do you always wake your friends with a wand to their throat?” He said with little energy behind it.
“No, uh— that’s new.” She said dropping the wand but leaving the end glowing. It was the only light within the enclosure of the dark green silk curtains, the color from the sheets bounced back and just barely hit the tip of Rose’s nose giving it a cool-toned green hue,  her eyes seemed to darken in the light, they usually showed a light green tone, but here they looked like two emeralds set into stone  carved so finely it appeared soft to the touch.
“I want your help with something.” She said quickly, anxious to begin her adventure.
“Fine.” He agreed with a stretch from under the covers.
“You never question me.”
“You don’t usually disappoint. Now, go so I can get ready for whatever you’re plotting.”
With that Rose exited the space and waited in the common room under the invisibly cloak, when Regulus’ met her there she lead him to a passageway that would take them outside, but bypass a good bit of the dark forest.
When they finally made it outside the moon was full in the sky, Rose hopped things were going well for Remus as they ventured past the shack the boy spent his full moons in. Once far enough away from it to feel safer again Rose would occasionally start up into a sprint and Regulus would follow suit, she’d hide behind trees or pick blooming flowers along the way. Regulus was a less cheerful companion than his brother or Xeno might have been but it was nice to see him when she could so his complaints during their travels didn’t wound her too much.
Along the way they talked about different things, Rose learned that his middle name was Arcturus and she really liked that name.
She enjoyed his first name too, she’d seen in a muggle baby naming book once that and it meant little king, Rose felt that was fitting for him.
That is when they saw beams of light coming from the mouth of a cave.
Inside the cave was green moss that seemed to glow subtly in the darkness, it grew along the walls in patches. There was also a plethora of colorful mushrooms, crystals of different textures budding from rock formations, and the faraway sounds of falling water that let them know there could be waterfalls nearby.
Rose took out her parchment and started taking notes and making sketches of the journey they taken to get to this point before further down Reg pointed out the source of the water sounds.
Rose sat down her parchment and placed her father’s coat over it to keep it dry while she walked closer to the waterfall to investigate.
Within the water more gems shimmered under her reflection, including one gem that was a brilliant blue and took a very similar shape of a heart despite being uncut. Rose bent down to pick it up, the cold water of the small underground stream that connected to the waterfalls flowed over her hand and sent a shiver down her spine.
“What’s that for?”
“A uh— friend likes a girl, I think maybe he can make something out of it and give it to her.”
Regulus stepped up beside her, standing in the cold water, he placed his hand gently under hers to hold the jewel. He also shivered at the contact.
“Cold.” Is all he said as water from her hand dripped onto his, he allowed his hand to stay there touching her for another moment before pulling it away.
“We should keep exploring, we’ll have to turn back soon.” He said and she agreed with a nod before speaking
“Will you help me with some notes and such? I want a detailed account of the caves and any passageways we might stumble upon.”
“Of course.” He said and walked over to her jacket, picking it up then handing it to Rose and grabbing the parchment to add his own notes of their findings in the underground cave.
—
The afternoon of the following day Rose was sleepy but still able to make it to the Gryffindor boys dorms before heading to her own for the rest of the day. The marauders were all arranged similarly to when they had given her the assignment to map up some more of the grounds, except now Rose was seated on the edge of Moony’s bed, her legs dangling off the side next him seated on the floor.
“So let’s see your findings, Thorns” Sirius said with a smile, she handed him a stack of papers, the first few had rather boring details like parts of the girl’s dorms they may not have been to and other things such as that, but the rest were all accounts of the cave system they had found that went all the way to underneath the dungeons.
As he looked through it he seemed to experience various emotions, at first Rose could see the look of intrigue on his face, then it had turned to a scowl, he sat the papers down and looked Rose in the eyes darkly.
“Rosie- a word?” He said in too sweet of a tone to be paired with the look on his face. He picked up the invisibility cloak that was in a bundle on the other side of Remus’ bed and threw it over his shoulder before sitting down next to her and draping it over her shoulders as well.
“No questions asked.” He said towards James.
“That’s your last one!” Said Peter exasperatedly.
“I know.” He said as he slide completely under the cloak, covering Rose as well.
The last thing the boys could hear was Sirius cast a silencing charm over them.
“That was my brothers handwriting.” He said with a stoic look on his face. Fun, carefree Sirius had been replaced by the heir to house Black in that moment.
“I should have thought about that. I should have kept those to myself.” She said.
“You used the cloak to take my brother on some adventure?”
“You’re not supposed to ask any questions about it.” Rose said sternly.
“And you’re not supposed to be friends with my brother.” He said matching her tone.
“Do you realize the trouble you could get him in?” He continued.
“It’s none of your business.” Rose said, and regretted.
“It is one hundred percent my business, Rose.” He said raising his voice.
This was a side of Sirius she had not seen in a long while.
She supposed it was probably best she doesn’t forget it’s there.
Rose tried explaining that she was careful, and took extra care not to get caught, but Sirius wouldn’t hear it. Rose figured then that perhaps he had a point.
“Did you tell him what the notes were for?” He said more like am accusation than a normal question.
“Of course not!” Rose said.
“Good. Leave him out of our schemes or we’ll leave you out of them.” He said as he began to take off the cloak, Rose grabbed his hand to stop him.
“No. You don’t just get to say something like that and then leave. I understand you’re upset, I’ll be more careful I promise”.
Sirius still seemed unhappy with that answer. Rose suspected he would be dissatisfied with anything she said at the moment, so she sighed in defeat.
“Fine, I’ll go. I need to go give something to a friend anyway.” She said and he lifted the cloak wordlessly.
She slipped out, saying a quick “see you in the morning” to the other boys before leaving out the portrait hole that worked as an entrance to the Gryffindor common room. She would hear the questions pour out of James as she walked away, no doubt Sirius had come out of the cloak.
They wouldn’t be answered though.
Thanks to the “no questions asked” policy. 


Chapter 26
Breakfast the next morning was awkward.
 The silence hadn’t stopped between Rose and Sirius, and Rose wasn’t sure if he was still mad or simply refused to be the bigger person about the whole thing.
Occasionally this would happen between him and Moony, even him and Peter but he and James never seemed to have any problems like this.
Exams and subsequently summer break would be fast approaching and Rose knew this littoe issue needed to be settled before then. Arguing back and fourth via Peter’s letters during the summer would not be the best course of action, so Rose decided to try and get to the root of the problem, Regulus Black.
—
After most of her classes were concluded for the day Rose went to her dorm for her free period, bringing out a journal she’d been keeping of her time at Hogwarts and going back through it, she found loads of entries about the marauders and an expectational amount about Sirius alone, but chose to flip all the way back to her first year, the last time she was openly friends with Sirius’ brother, back when they spoke daily instead of every few months or so.
She recalled some arguments she’d had with Sirius back then, his distaste for Slytherin wizards prevalent through the writings.
“Whatcha doing?” Ode spoke up from across the room. The two of them still spent plenty of time together, each day she would return from classes or some adventure with the marauders and Ode would be on her or Stephone’s bed reading.
While they had seemingly grown apart there was no hard feelings between them, and they would remain roommates for years to come so it was unlikely they would ever dislike one another like Rose and their fourth roommate who looked down heavily on Rose’s blood status did.
“Trying to help a friend.” Rose answered as she reached over to her beside table and picked up one of the thin, tall candles and leaned the flame over to light the wicks of her few other ones before placing it back in it’s proper place, a few drips of hot wax had trailed down her fingers and hardened in the process. She picked it off easily and shut the journal.
 She needed a far more updated account on what Regulus was really up to, and better than her own. Sirius had complained after each holiday that year that his brother was far more distant at home. Rose was beginning to put together why Sirius seemed so upset at her.
To get this inside information Rose considered going straight to the source, but figured her time would be utterly wasted on Regulus’ friends. Evan Rosier was growing into a major prick, and even acknowledged Rose from time to time just to say some pure-blood bureaucratic bullshit and Barty Crouch Jr. gave her the creeps. The older boy seemed unhinged in a somehow playful way which was scary as hell.  Occasionally when Rose and the marauders would prank Snape little Barty Crouch would take notice, he’d laugh along with them but send a threatening glare their way before disappearing off to wherever he did with his free time.
Thus, going to one of Regulus’ friends was a no go.
 “I’m gonna head back out Ode, tell Steph I said hello when she gets here.”
“Gotcha” Ode said stretching out on her bed.
“Where you going?”
“To threaten a quidditch player until he tells me what I want to know.” Rose said plainly.
“Very direct approach.” Ode said with a laugh as Rose got up and left the room.
—
And now she was mere inches away from James Potter with her wand stabbing into him gently, mostly to scare him, never to actually harm the boy Rose had begun to view as an older brother, taking the place in her heart where Petunia should have been.
“I see you watching him at practice, Potter. I see you talk to him after too, and you never mention it to Sirius, so what’s up?!” She asked dramatically.
“You act like Lily when you’re angry!” James said squirming a bit and trying to avoid the question.
“James! Come on, mate!”
“Okay okay, Sirius is too stubborn to, so I’ve been keeping watch on Regulus.”
“And what have you found?”
“You’re not going to like it. Sirius sure wasn’t too happy when he realized it for himself.”
“What, James?” Rose said lowering her wand from where it was poked gently into his abdomen, probably only enough to tickle the boy.
“From what I’ve gathered, it seems his companions are getting rather interested in the dark arts, I can only assume…” He trailed off leaving Rose to come to her own conclusion on the matter.
“Bloody hell” She breathed out a sigh.
“You’re the a pretty decent spy though, James.” Rose said trying to find some silver lining to what she has just learned.
“Yeah.” He said running a hand through his curly hair.
—
And now for the hard part. The talk with Sirius about the one thing that never failed to make him incredibly uncomfortable, his little brother.
Rose couldn’t deny that Sirius’ entire home-life seemed tortuous from what the group had seen. Such as, angry letters sent in from midnight-black owls, Sirius returning from holidays and needing time to relax back into the safety of his friends company, and the temperament he seemed to have gained to protect himself from a tumultuous household.
 The same temperament that got them into these situations. 
—
 Walking beside him silently, Rose and the rest of the group was headed to the quidditch pitch to watch James practice for the final game of the season, Gryffindor verses Ravenclaw.
Rose nudged him gently, speaking barley above a whisper.
“Sirius?” She asked, being the first one to break their silence that had been going all day. 
He looked at her and slowed his pace, allowing the two of them to fall back for the other boys. 
“Can we talk?” She continued, he stopped and gave James a look.
“We’ll catch up, Jamsie.” He said as Rose stopped beside him.
Once the other three were out of earshot Rose spoke again, she had wanted to grab his hand, or maybe place her arms around his shoulder, but she couldn’t even look him directly in the eyes when she first started speaking.
“I know it’s hard for you, to see what Regulus could become every time you go home, but we don’t have to fight just because I don’t quite see it that way yet. I know you care about him, of course you care for him, but so do I. I wouldn’t endanger him and I won’t let him endanger me, Sirius.” She said, taking a breath before she continued.
“We— Me, Regulus, your friends…we love you Sirius. And like you…not all of us really know how to do that properly. James does for sure, but trust me, you don’t have to protect yourself from us, mate.”
A look of surprise crossed his pale face, and then a smile crawled to his lips. A welcomed sight.
“Why is it every time we have one of these talks you do all the talking?” He asked.
“I think I’m still trying to learn how to be your friend without hurting you.” Rose admitted.
“I should be saying the same thing. I know, you don’t mean any harm with Reggie, and that’s more than I can say for the other people he hangs around, but you know it’s just not a great idea. I won’t stop you, though.” He said in response pausing before continuing in a more joking tone.
“As long as you never hangout with Snivellus.” He said giving her a gently bump with his shoulder.
“Are you kidding me? He’d just pretend I was Lily the whole time, no way.” She said with a laugh.
“Good. Let’s get back to those prats then, yeah?” He said as he began walking towards the boys once more, when they arrived James put his arms around both their shoulders.
“Ravenclaw is going to be utterly destroyed, lads.” He said with a smile full delight. 


Chapter 27
Gryffindor utterly destroyed Ravenclaw.
June 30th 1975
Maybe James’ arrogance was warranted when it came to his quidditch skills.
Rose had considered sitting with Lovegood at the game but figured it was already blasphemous enough that she occasionally cheered for Slytherin, let alone Ravenclaw. Thus, she did what she should’ve and sat next to the marauders(with Lily down a few seats) and joined in with the many cheers for James Potter.
At one point during the game a rather large Hufflepuff approached the group, the boy was extraordinarily tall not to mention broad. He already had a decent bit of facial hair, must have been at least a sixth year. His long wavy hair was the color of Peter’s and tied into a bun being held together by two wands.
He nudged Sirius before speaking, his voice was not nearly as intimidating as the boy it belonged to, it was deep but had a joyful sound to it.
“I’ve seen you and the lass practicing dueling with two wands, if you get enough we’ll have to duel sometime.” He said and patted Sirius on the back, his yellow tie hanging undone around his neck as he moved past them.
“I’ll consider it.” Sirius said with tad of sharpness.
“Alright little, lad” the older boy responded over his shoulder before joining his friends, they seemed to be a rowdy bunch for Hufflepuffs.
They didn’t see anymore of the Hufflepuff duel-wielder that year. The rest of the term was full of studying and school work, at least it was for Rose.
As the school year rounded off, Rose was once again packing her things to head home for the summer. There were notably less polaroids in the dorm this year, but many more plants. Rose had given each roommate(even the blood purist) one of her attempted moon phase flowers from before the charm was perfected, one of them opened and closed often, one seemed to at least attempt following the moon phases, and the other two didn’t do anything at all as they had been from her very first attempts. 
While packing Rose took extra care to neatly fold Regulus’ jumper and tuck it underneath the rest of her things before sitting back down on her bed and opening her journal. It was usually one of the last things to go as she would more often than not write on the train ride.
She flipped through the pages, reading over some of her favorite moments from this year.
There was all the pranks she had pulled with the marauders, all the detentions she had narrowly avoided, and her first official trips to Hogsmeade village!
During her first trip she had planned to stick with her roommates, Ode and Stephone walked arm is arm next to her and even though her green scarf wrapped around her face she could smell the scent of their perfumes mixing.
Stephone always smelled sharp and clean, with a woody scent, while Ode smelled sweet and fresh, like a bundle of picked berries placed on a basket of clean laundry. The smell brought a nostalgic comfort to Rose, during the summer of their first year. Ode must have sprayed that same perfume onto the letters she sent because the smell reminded Rose heavily of them.
Rose’s original plan was to stick with her roommates, that plan changed when Rose was poked from, which caused a yell from Rose and then Ode as Sirius removed the cloak from himself and a laughing James.
“Ladies” he said playfully.
“You’ve come to kidnap my friend again?” Ode said with a tone teetering on sass.
“That we have.” James spoke up.
“We must apologize, you see we’ve decided we must treat our friend here to the best first trip to Hogsmeade ever.” He continued.
“I’ve already been to The Three Broomsticks, James.” Rose said with a quiet giggle.
“Yes! But never with your parents permission! That opens up new possibilities!” He said excitedly
“Alright” she agreed with a shake of the head.
“We’ll see you back at ours then?” Ode said moving a tad closer to Stephone, it must have been colder standing still.
“Yeah of course! I’ll show you anything cool I get!” Rose replied with a smile
With that she parted ways with her roommates, and James lead the way. He’d seemingly planned out a “what Rose might want to do” list for them.
That day had been wonderful.
____
Rose closed her journal and slipped it into her bag before sharing a three way goodbye hug with the two roommates she didn’t basically despise before heading out and making her way to board the Hogwarts Express.
That’s when a tall boy with dark curly hair and big round glasses started waving madly at her. 
“Rosebud!” He yelled.
“That nickname is putrid, Potter.” She grumbled as she caught up to him.
“You like Lily flower.” James argued
“That’s because it’s for Lily.” She said interlacing their arms friendlily. As they boarded the train together. The other marauders were definitely already on board as Rose had taken longer than planned to arrive. Even so she knew one of them would be waiting outside for her.
That was the thing about those boys, they would never leave one another behind. 
Not ever. 
“Took you long enough.” Remus said after Rose and James made their way to him. Remus sat between Sirius and Peter which was a new seating arrangement. 
A full moon had just passed so Rose dismissed the agitation she heard in Remus’ voice, he’d get like that after a moon, and right before one he’d be hyperaware, and just as moody. 
“You’re gonna leave me all alone with James?” Rose complained playfully as they sat in the empty seat adjacent from the other boys. 
“Hey! One day Lily might join us.” James said hopefully taking his place beside her. 
Rose leaned her back against the cool window, throwing her legs over into James’ lap. 
“Not a chance.” She said with conviction.


Chapter 28
Cokeworth, England 
Not minutes after Rose made her way through the front door she was heading up the stairs to start on letters. 
Throughout the summer she sent many, and they would usually get a quick reply. Loads of jokes but also complaints of boredom from James, an interesting account of how Remus was spending his summer, and the still combined letters from Peter and Sirius were some of what she had come to expect. However, after the first weeks of summer Sirius progressively wrote less and less, and eventually he wrote nothing more at all. 
Rose had wondered what might have caused it, the summer still seemed to fly by without the contact from him but something was so incredibly missing from this gradual disappearance that Rose couldn’t quite get it off her mind. 
—
Then, one morning less than a week out from returning to Hogwarts Rose was awakened by an owl oddly early, the type of early when the house feels hazy, and there’s dew drops on the grass.
Lily was asleep in Rose’s bed as they had spent the previous night up talking together, it felt like each time one tried to sleep the other would think of a new topic and the giggles would start up again.
Lily was meant to have plans with Snape that day but he had canceled, because of this Rose had invited Lily to spend the night in her room and make messy origami with her. Of course Lily’s was actually pretty, but Rose didn’t mind. Her paper frogs had character even if they didn’t bounce when you pushed down on them like her sister’s did.
Rose cautiously removed the blankets off herself and got up to check what the owl had brought, not wanting to wake her sleep deprived sister.
She tied up her red hair and put on her glasses before walking over to the desk where the letter remained unopened. After she sat down she lit a soft colored candle that was scented like green ferns, moss, and plush fabric and grabbed a pen. Her responses always looked far less pretty than the letters she would receive, expect the ones from Remus, as those were also written with regular ink pens.
Holding the letter under the candle-light Rose read the name written in nice calligraphy across the front.
Peter Pettigrew.
She opened the letter expecting something from Peter himself, but found only a quick message from Sirius with an annotation from Peter at the bottom.
Miss you.
S.B.
His bloody owl woke me up! You’re lucky you got this at all, Rose! I need my sleep!
Reluctantly with Fondness,
Pete
Rose held the letter for a moment, holding it dangerously close to the fire, enough for smoke to bellow over it but not enough for it to catch aflame. She placed the letter down and wrote her reply.
Hope everything’s okay. See you in a few days.
Thorns
She drew a tiny heart next to her name before adding a small drawing at the bottom to get Peter’s attention, then writing her message to him.
Thanks, sweet dreams, Pettie.
Actually With Fondness,
Rose
She sealed the letter and sent it off with her own owl before pulling another piece of paper.
She attempted to write to Ode, but couldn’t quite find the words, they hadn’t written at all over the summer, but Rose was still ready to see her again, she just didn’t see the point in telling the girl that so she folded up the paper and stuck it in her desk drawer before removing her glasses and going to lay down next to Lily once more.
—
September 1st 1975
The Hogwarts Express
Rose sat beside James in their usual spot, Sirius sat adjacent from her with Remus and Peter on both sides of him.
If Rose thought the boys looked different last year— they really looked different this year, and she must have too by the way they all looked when she joined them.
Her hair was growing longer and wavier each year, her bangs held a messy look to them but her green eyes shone brightly. She’d gotten some new glasses for her birthday and they suited her much more than her old ones and so she had decided to wear them more often, she wore her pear scented lip balm and some blush on her cheeks, her robes were tightly packed into a bag as she wore her uniform with her father’s coat overtop, she also noticed her skirt fit a bit tighter than it had the year before.
Those were her changes.
Sat in front of her was another set of changes that made her heart flutter and her belly tighten.
It was unpleasant really.
Sirius sat leaned over, smirk planted on his face, legs crossed and arms folded, his arms(and James’) seemed to fit snuggly inside his long sleeved shirt, perhaps it was even a bit too tight. His red and gold tie was tied loosely around his neck, and there was an extra button unbuttoned from his shirt. Rose found it hard to look away. He had also finally begun to catch up with the other boys heights, though would probably never be as tall as Remus.
Remus’ hair was longer this year, as was James’, Peter’s remained at the soft fluffy length he’d had it the previous year.
James played with one of his curls with his wand, Peter looked out the window, and Sirius leaned ever so slightly into Moony’s side, that’s when Rose noticed something else new.
A prefect badge pinned to Remus’ robe. Remus was gonna be a bloody prefect. Their Remus was going to be a prefect like her sister Lily.
Astonishing honestly.
Rose sat back with a deep breath and allowed herself to glance back over at Sirius once more, and caught eyes with Remus doing the same thing. Sirius’ pale skin seemed unblemished in the gloomy glow from the window, his hair long and such a dark black it held cool toned hue, and his lips…
They were pink and supple and girly like Regulus’. He was moving something in his mouth around awkwardly, and now that Rose thought about it he hadn’t said much yet, none of the boys really had. She saw a slip of green come from his lips.
“Sirius what’s that in your mouth?” She asked
“Nothing” he half mumbled.
“Spit it out!” She said seeing a little more of the thing. Holding out her hand for him to spit out whatever it was.
“No. Leave it be.” He said and put one hand over his mouth and moved hers away with the other.
“You’re so odd.” Rose said before leaning her head against the window hoping to fall asleep for the rest of the ride.
There would be no such luck on this journey back to Hogwarts.
Not long into her nap Rose heard a sound, while it wasn’t exceptionally familiar she knew she had heard it before, Lily crying. She lifted her sleepy head to catch a glimpse of her sister running by, hands in her face as she shut the door of the carriage behind her.
Rose stood and removed her father’s jacket, tossing it to Sirius.
“Hold this.” She said as she went to comfort her sister. That’s when she learned what happened.
Severus Snape had the audacity to call Lily a mudblood.
Mudblood, a slur used to describe people that were muggle-born like Rose and Lily.
Rose assisted her sister all she could, letting her cry and eventually taking her back to sit with her friends.
She was fuming internally.
Lily had trusted that slimy git and this is how he repaid her sister’s kindness? Lily had to be the one of the kindest people Rose had ever met, perhaps too kind in this case.
Unluckily for Snape, Rose had never claimed to be kind.
Once Rose knew Lily was fine she was on a mission, she walked calmly up to the group of Slytherin boys, Evan Rosier was among them wearing his prefect badge proudly.
“Severus?” Rose asked sweetly for the boys attention before sending a punch right into the middle of his face, blood gushed from his nose onto Rose’s hand.
Gasps erupted all around the other Slytherins as Rose wiped her bloody hand onto the boys scarf.
“That’ll be at least 20 points from Slytherin..” Evan grumbled.
“And it was bloody worth it.” Rose said laced with the same venom of their house emblem.
“Any of you even look at my sister again and it’ll be worse.” She continued, as she looked over the group, and for a moment she met eyes with Regulus Black who had been sitting among them.
“You too, Black.” She spat as she turned to return to her friends.
Regulus looked different too, the surprised expression on his face when Rose looked at him with blood smeared on her fist was almost cute.


Chapter 29
Rose sat next to James and looked into his eyes, a fire still burning within her own.
“Don’t ever make my sister cry, Potter.” She said as a stern warning.
“I would never! That was bloody brilliant, Thorns!” He exclaimed
A slew of other compliments came from the other marauders but Rose’s mind was only on her sister.
It was no secret James fancied Lily, though Lily still didn’t feel the same way she knew her sister was at least starting to stand the boy, and with Severus out of her life James might even have a chance to be Lily’s friend. Or acquaintance more like.
Rose usually stayed out of the boys well…girl business. Peter had a new crush on a new girl he’d never actually talk to every other day, and James and Sirius shared an ability to decide they liked a girl and be snogging her by the end of the day(expect Lily of course). Remus seemed just as disinterested in girls and Rose was with boys, but Rose could feel that starting to change.
Now when she thought of those girls around James and Sirius it made her stomach twist uncomfortably.
They never seemed to do anything more with the girls, or date them for that matter. Rose would ignore it or occasionally pipe up when she thought one of them was exceptionally cute to give the girl a compliment, James would playfully say Rose was trying to steal them away and Sirius would smirk and compliment Rose’s taste, but now it all felt a bit wrong.
Rose sighed, the boys were all still watching her wish astonished faces, all but Remus. He was watching Sirius watching Rose.
He often was.
She closed her eyes and thought back to a conversation she had with Regulus once.
“I quite dislike the company of other boys actually” he had said.
Rose was beginning to understand, though perhaps finishing her nap would ease her nerves and she would change her mind.
—
Rose’s first class was potions, and when she arrived she was personally called up to speak with professor Slughorn, Rose could only assume it was about the train incident, she was probably the first Slytherin to ever lose house points on the way to Hogwarts before.
That’s when Regulus Black stepped out from behind the large man with a little smirk on his face that rivaled his brother’s, same cockiness but with a hint of- well evil to it.
Like a little goofy mastermind.
 “Mr. Black has informed me that you feel as if you’ve been struggling in potions, but were too embarrassed to ask for help from me yourself, seeing as Mr. Black has done so well thusfar I’ve made the two of you partners for this term. Wouldn’t want you to miss an opportunity to be part of the slug club!” He said cheerfully, like he was in onto something secretive and glad to be.
Regulus knew just how to use people, compliment them and make them feel needed.  He also seemingly knew how to lie well.
“We should take our seats, Ms. Evans.” He said politely.
“Oh yes go on, the lesson’s about to start! We’re making Amortentia! A delightful draught!” Spoke the professor joyously.
“Of course.” Rose said with fake enthusiasm as she took her seat next to Regulus.
“That was manipulative!” Rose whisper shouted at him. 
“I learned it from my mother. Be grateful we get to talk now.” He said quietly.
 Rose took a similar look at him as she had her friends on the train, his hair was longer, tied neatly back with a dark braid going through it. Silver rings adorned his fingers and glittered in the light, his hands reminded Rose of Sirius’.
“I would have never called you that.” He said brining Rose out of her trace and her attention back to his face.
“A mu— the muggle-born word. I would have never called you that, not like Snape did to your sister.” He said quietly.
“Oh….that…” Rose trailed off before speaking again.
“If he ever does that again I’ll throw rocks at him” She said after a moment of silence.
“I’m sure he’ll be terrified” Regulus responded 
sarcastically.
“Would you like another demonstration on how Muggle’s fight, Black?” Rose whispered as the lesson began.
—
Like everything magic related, potions seemed to come easily to the young wizard Rose was partnered with, the potion required pearl dust, rose thorns, a dried, and then subsequently crushed orchid mantis and a few more ingredients.
Rose whispered condolences to the dead bug before Regulus added it to the bowl to be crushed. Even he admitted it was a beautiful creature.
By the time their potion was finished it was pearlescent and swirls of steam rose from it, textbook perfection.
Professor Slughorn had been pacing the class watching the students work but stopped when he got to their cauldron.
“Amazing work Ms. Evans, Mr. Black, we’ll use this as the example for now. I want everyone to form a line, and give the potion a sniff.” The professor said. The two of them backed up and allowed the other students to sniff their potion as the professor explained why he had them do this.
Amortentia was a love potion, more of an obsession potion to be honest. It made the drinker absolutely obsessed with someone.
The smell of the potion also heavily changed based on the individual, it would represent what they felt was attractive, comforting. Basically it smelled like things or people a person liked.
When it was finally Rose’s turn to smell it she was perplexed by it.
She didn’t quite smell someone, she more of smelt- somewhere?
By this time the students had dispersed back to their own seats to discuss why they smelled whatever it was they had smelled, Rose wasn’t sure if she ever saw Regulus himself take a sniff.
“You look puzzled.” He said.
“Well yeah, I smell…smoke, something green like pine needles maybe, and dirt, morning dew on grass, and that smell that lingers after a rain…”
She failed to mention a scent that had no name, a natural smell him and his brother shared, perhaps it was something from their home, Rose couldn’t be sure. The smell usually made her feel at ease.
“Sounds like you’re in love with Professor Sprout.” He said plainly.
“Regulus!” She said and crossed her arms across her chest.
“I’m confused.” She said with a huff.
At that curiosity must have gotten the better of him because the boy leaned down and sniffed the potion, scowling in response.
“You’re suppose to like it.” Rose said
“I don’t smell anything.” He said bleakly. 


Chapter 30
Throughout the rest of her classes that day Rose thought about the unconventional scents her and her friend had smelled in their Amortentia, this lead her to consider just how accurate it might have been. 
For instance had Regulus really smelled nothing at all? 
After finishing her homework for the day she wrapped her scarf around herself and headed out of the common room, it was well past curfew, but Rose had grown use to sneaking around the castle during the late hours of night. 
She needed someone else to test the love potion, James would have been the best option since he would just smell Lily, a scent Rose herself was use to, or Ode, Rose was sure the girl had a crush of her own, but couldn’t quite figure out who it was, Ode would know though.
Rose even found herself wondering what Sirius would smell.
Oh god, she found herself wondering what Sirius would smell.
After making her way into the Gryffindor common room she opened the door to the marauders’ dorm cautiously, peeking in to see who was still awake.
Surprisingly the boys seemed to all be in their beds and Remus’ flower was waning on his beside table.
As she looked around she noticed one was awake, Rose could almost feel fate laughing at her as Sirius lifted his attention from his book to Rose’s head peeping through the doorway, curly bangs a mess atop her forehead.
“Evening, intruder.”
Sirius said, sleep pulling at his voice. His hair was down and his shirt unbuttoned more than it usually was, he was sat up with a book propped in his lap, wand glowing next to him on the bed.
Rose stepped through the door and shut it softly behind her.
“I need a second opinion on something.” She said quietly.
“Right, that’s a perfectly normal thing to need at this hour.” He said sarcastically as he stretched and stood, preparing to join her.
After getting ready Sirius grabbed the invisibility cloak and they were out the door.
“You’re warm.” He whispered as they walked tucked under the cloak together.
“Shush.” She said pulling her scarf to cover her face further, leading the way to the potions classroom.
“And cranky.”
“Sirius, shush!” She whisper yelled as they entered the room, quickly removing the the cloak from their shoulders and making her way to the cabinet where the student’s potions were locked, she whispered the unlocking charm and rummaged until she found her and Regulus’ potion. Grabbing it and turning around quickly to meet Sirius’ inquisitive grey eyes.
She removed the lid and shoved it to him.
“Smell it.” She instructed.
“What is it?” He asked, though Rose suspected he may have known.
“Just smell it. Tell me what you smell.” She said, hoping he wouldn’t think about it too much and simply do the task.
He began sniffing the potion, listing the scents as they came to him.
“Aged parchment” He said.
“Worn leather. Like really old.” He continued.
Another sniff.
“Ci- something sweet.”
He said with a cough.
“And uh- broom polish, that’s from James for sure.” He continued with a chuckle.
Rose felt s sense of relief wash over her.
Leather, parchment, something sweet, Rose recognized those scents.
Those were the scents of the library with Remus, her tea sending fragrant steam into the early morning air while Sirius sat half asleep watching the other two study. They’ll always tell him he’d grow bored, and he’d always come anyway.
And the smell of James, maybe it was possible to simply smell something you love, not only something you’re….attracted to.
“What about you?” He asked leaning against the table, taking the lid from her fingers.
“What did you smell?” He asked with a lazy smile on his face.
“Imagine…a damp forest, a smoky cave, and an empty house. I smelled something like that.”
“Hard to imagine.” He said as he tightened the lid, handing the potion back to Rose so she could put it away.
Rose could have sword their hands lingered there together for a brief moment.
“I know.” She said, locking the potion away and turning back to Sirius.
“I could go for a butterbeer.” She said after a short pause.
“I bet the three broomsticks is still open.” He responded, throwing the cloak over their shoulders again as they made their way out of the classroom back into the cold stone halls.
Once they arrived at the Inn they took a seat in the far corner, over a few rounds of butterbeers they discussed quidditch and the marauders progress on their magical map. Rose would bring out her wand and turn Sirius’ butterbeer Slytherin green each time the new ones would arrive. She’d giggle and he’d scowl, but drink it anyway.
He cleared his throat and suppressed hiccup.
“The lads and I have something to show you soon, it’s rather cool.” He said taking another sip from his green butterbeer as Rose twirled her wand of the same color around in her fingers, the leaves engraved on the sides poking her fingers slightly, but not nearly as much as the thorned wand.
“When’s soon?”
“Day after Halloween” He said proudly, smile coming to his lips.
“I’ll be waiting anxiously.” She said with a smile, flush coming to her cheeks as she looked at him in the dimly lit establishment.
 


Chapter 31
While Rose and Lily had a great time together at the Gryffindor Halloween party the marauders were not in attendance.
Halloween fell on a full moon that year.
Rose kept the boys in the back of her mind, wishing the best for them.
She skipped breakfast to visit Remus in the infirmary after full moons sometimes, and this time, like most times, all the boys were there.
“Hey Moons…” She said taking a look at Remus, he had a new scratch right across his face.
Poor Moony.
“We’re here too!” James said, glasses falling off his nose.
“Shut it, Prongs.” Sirius grumbled
“Prongs?” Rose asked.
“That thing we were gonna show you, Thorns.” Sirius began.
“These prats have gone and become Animagus” Remus finished for him.
It was illegal, and difficult, Rose didn’t question it for a second.
Remus moved uncomfortably under his sheets.
“And since we’ve tested it out, it’s been decided that if you want….” James trailed off allowing Rose to comprehend him.
“I can too?” She asked excitedly.
“I’ve already made the potion for you, and we’re sure you can get your hands on a mandrake leaf to keep in your mouth.” Remus said, a shred of pain still lingering in his voice.
“I’ll have a leaf under my tongue by the end of the day.” Rose said with a smile.
“And I’m gonna grab Madam Pomfrey, you need it.” She continued before going to do just that.
—
Later that day, as promised Rose waited patiently in the boys’ dorm as they discussed the process to becoming an Animagus, which meant they could transform into an animal at will. They also discussed the reasons they had decided to do so.
Animals were much more helpful during the full moon than humans, they could actually be there for Remus this way.
“You’ll have to help us with a name for Sirius.” James said as he cleared a space, preparing to show Rose a demonstration of his animal form.
“As you’ve heard, the boys came up with Prongs for me, you’ll see why in just a moment.” He continued.
His form must have been large because he’d moved a dresser halfway across the room to make space.
“I’ll go first the rest of you follow, yeah?” James asked.
“Yeah, that’ll work Prongsie.” Sirius said as Remus sat next to Rose to watch them.
And within seconds James had changed from
himself into— a deer? A deer with large antlers and a goofy expression on it’s face.
“James!” Rose shouted a bit taken aback.
Sirius let out a laugh as Peter followed suit, shrinking into a tiny mouse. He scurried over to Rose and she held him up.
“This one I like!” She said as she sat the rodent in her lap. Peter squeaked and Rose giggled.
“If you think Wormtail is cool, this going to be bloody good.” Sirius said before he was no longer Sirius, at least not in his human form.
He still looked like Sirius.
He had transformed into a large dog, with shaggy black hair and pointy ears that flopped over ever so slightly.
He pounced on her legs which caused Peter to scurry away and Rose to jump.
“Sirius!” She yelled.
Remus let out a soft chuckle at her side.
“Get your dog feet off her, mate.” He said.
A lightbulb seemed to go off in Rose’s mind at that.
“We could call him dogfoot!” She said excitedly 
Sirius looked horrified, as horrified as a dog could look.
“Maybe not dogfoot, Rose” Remus said as he gave Sirius a pat on the head and looked down at him.
“What about Padfoot?” He asked and the dog’s eyes seemed to light up.
The sound of James transforming back could be heard across the room.
“I bloody like that! Padfoot!” He said and walked over to the dog, giving him another pat on the head.
“Welcome to the marauders, Padfoot.” He continued with a smile.
—
After lunch(when Rose had visited the boys) she returned to her classes, ate a large dinner, and finally headed to the greenhouses to collect a mandrake leaf and do her daily care of the plants there.
She saw Sirius sitting beside the entrance, a cigarette between his fingers.
“Thought you might head this way.” He said as he put out the cigarette and stood up.
“I do even when I’m not on a mission to become a magic dog.”
“You think you’ll be a dog?”
“I have no idea what I’ll be.” She said, her breath coming out as a fog in the cold air.
“Let’s go inside.” She said.
“I’ll light the incense.” He said and walked to the edge of the room to do so.
He’d often be there when Rose made her rounds, clipping plants, misting them, occasionally singing to them. 
He’d even hung out with her and Xeno a few times, though the white haired boy seemed a bit busy lately, she’d noticed him walking around with Pandora, a blue crystal around her neck, it made Rose smile every time.
He sat on the edge of one of the tables, legs dangling off as he watched Rose work.
“Thorns?” He asked.
“Hmm?” She answered softly, tucking a stray curl behind her ear and looking over her shoulder at him. He was holding a single mandrake leaf in his hand.
“You said you’d have it by the end of the day. The sun has set.”
“Oh!” She said and walked over, taking the leaf from his fingers.
“Does it hurt? The process?” She asked.
“Would you still want to if it did?” He asked in response.
“Absolutely.” She said firmly.
“I just want to know what to expect.” She said as she placed the leaf in her mouth, standing before him.
Sirius looked at her for a moment, a long silent moment filled with an energy Rose could feel in her veins.
He grabbed her hand gently, it was cold and covered in dirt, he dusted the dirt away before leaning closer to her, planting a kiss on her cheek.
Rose stood shocked but Sirius didn’t move, his face remained there against her’s a few more seconds before the smell of smoke disappeared and the cold air hit her cheek once more.
Rose knew then she had indeed smelled Sirius in her Amortentia.
Sirius Black had crafted her feelings for him with butterbeer and rose petals and Rose had fallen for the whole thing.


Chapter 32
Rose stood in the shadowy room, pale light seeping in from the moon. A subtle fog had settled across the grounds and could be seen through the glass greenhouse.
Right as the look of shock across her face was replaced by a look of comfort Sirius spoke up.
“That feeling, Rose, it’s fleeting.” He said and she took one step back from him.
It shall be Sirius.
“Of course.” She said, taking steps backwards until the back of the table came in contact with her hip and she leaned against it.
For an instant they were still, then, Rose shoved her hands into the pockets of her old leather coat.
“You should uh- probably scurry along, Padfoot.” She tried to joke.
“Yeah, I’ll go ahead. I’ll see you at breakfast, mate.” He said hopping down from the table, careful as to not break any pots  holding screaming plants.
Rose moved the mandrake leaf around in her mouth for a moment before speaking, sounding as reassured and chipper as she could.
“See you at breakfast, Siri.”
With that he exited the greenhouse and a cold autumn night was left behind.
—
For breakfast the next day Rose had figs and honey with cinnamon sprinkled overtop, and she smiled at Sirius and James the same way she always had.
After she finished eating James gave her a questioning look and she spoke up.
“Don’t worry, I’ve still got the leaf.” She said sticking her tongue out a tad, the stem of the green leaf poking out.
—
December 1st 1975
“Okay, Thorns, calm down you’re gonna be fine. You’ve come this far, drink the potion.” Remus tried to be both stern and reassuring as Rose paced back and fourth in the marauders’ dorm.
“What if I’m like- a bloody caterpillar or something- what if one of you step on me?!”
“I think you’d be a ladybug.” Peter said cheerfully
“THAT’S EVEN TINIER PETER”  She yelled anxiously
“You’d be able to fly!” James said from where he was laid across his bed.
“You all need to bloody quiet down.” Sirius added.
At that, Rose sighed and popped the small cork of the potion and drank it quickly, making a disgusted face as she began to shrink down in size.
“She’s vanished, mates!” James exclaimed.
“Lily’s going to be right pissed!” Peter added.
While it was hard to see her on the red and gold rug, Rose had not disappeared, but changed.
A barely audible hiss was heard and Remus bent down to pick her up with his finger. A soft-tangerine colored snake curled around it as he lifted her to show the other boys. She had an upturned hognose and green eyes.
“Godric, she’s a snake.” Sirius said in disbelief. 
Remus sat Rose down on Peter’s shoulder and he squirmed a little.
“You’ll finally have someone your own size, Pete.” He said.
Peter found some of his Gryffindor courage in that moment and transformed into a rat. 
Rose’s instant response was to curl around him and hiss, Peter turned back and held Rose out in his hand.
“Take her back, Moons.” He said.
“Here ya go, Thorns.” Remus said and placed her onto the flower she had made him.
“The name Thorns still works for you, huh?” He asked and Rose hissed again, this time with an open mouth to show her fangs before curling around the flower.
“Alright, Thornsie, time to try and change back.” Sirius said in a calm voice.
A momentary flash of worry came over the snake’s features, but she slithered out of the flowerpot and onto the floor, seconds later she was standing in front of the group again.
“It worked!” She exclaimed and flopped down beside James, causing him to bounce.
Sirius looked down at the two of them.
“Nice one, Thorns.” He said and she sat up quickly.
“Wait, does this mean I get to help you guys with his transformations? I could sit in James’ antlers.” Rose suggested, they had discussed the answer to that question before, and each time it still felt unsure.
“No. For now it’s a no, Rose.” Remus answered for the group.
“I’m sure you’ll come in handy for loads of pranks though.” James said looking up at her.
“You’re right. We should definitely put that to use.” She said with a mischievous smile. 


Chapter 33
Sirius had been getting into far more trouble lately.
Sirius had been getting far more mail lately.
Sirius smiled and laughed along with his lads, but he looked exhausted.
Even now, he lay in his animagus form at Rose’s feet, she was sitting with her knees pulled to her chest, chin resting gently upon them, she ran her fingers over clovers and blades of grass as the dog slept on the edge of Black Lake.
He needed a quiet adventure.
It had been over a whole month since Sirius had both ignited and shot down the small crush Rose felt for him, but nothing between them had actually seemed to change.
He would often come watch her work in the greenhouses, lean his head on her shoulder and mutter incoherent complaints about his family. Rose enjoyed his watchful presence, she’d hum to herself and occasionally take his hand in hers comfortingly.
On days when he seemed to be feeling down Rose would try to finish her work early and ask for his help pranking Snape, since the train incident he and his goons would glare at her far more often and Rose was growing tired of it.
Even if Sirius wouldn’t tell his friends exactly what he had m going on they did what they could to help.
They cared, all of them did.
“Pads” she whispered, twirling the green pendant of her necklace around in her fingers. 
He lifted his sleepy eyes to meet hers.
“We need to get you to the forest to change back, we were suppose to head to the astrology tower to help Moons roll cigarettes nearly an hour ago.” She said nudging him gently.
In the time they had spent in this same spot Rose had fnished her homework for the day and started plans for a new plant to add to the greenhouse. The idea was to take a carnivorous plant of sole sort, and add a charm to allow it to speak, Rose thought it would be both challenging and entertaining. 
She’d drawn a few different types but the Venus Flytrap had the best look. Soon she would share the illustrations with Professor Sprout and see if she’d give the go ahead for the experiment. The professor usually would, but on occasion she would deny an idea.
Padfoot stretched out lazily and transformed back into Sirius right there on the grass.
“Sirius! Are you trying to get into trouble?!” She  asked with confusion.
“I don’t have to try to do that, Thorns. Plus, no one’s going to see us out here” He said with a smirk and another quick stretch.
“Hagrid might.” She countered.
“Doubtful, Love.”
Rose huffed and stood up next to him, he was still laying stretched out on the grass, his tie had loosened and his shirt had springs of grass stuck to it.
“You look a mess.”  Rose observed.
“Be sure to let my mother know, perhaps she’ll send another howler.” He responded bitterly
A howler was a magical letter, they came in a red envelope and when you opened it the sender’s voice played out of it.
They were usually reserved for angry messages and exploded if left unopened for too long, or after the recipient heard it.
They were hot to the touch.
Rose extended her hand to help him up, he took it and made his way to his feet, brushing off the grass.
“Sorry about your mum.” Rose said softly once he was standing.
“You didn’t make her that way.” He said with a shrug as they made their way to the astrology tower.
—
 December 22nd 1975 
“Bye Moons!” Rose yelled as Remus hung out the side of the train, the other marauders smiling and waving from the windows beside him. Lily had practically pulled Rose off the Hogwarts Express when she saw their mother’s red hair through the crowd.
Their mother had a short bob like Rose but without bangs, her hair was tucked behind her ears with a soft hat atop her head.
“Mum you’ll never believe what Rose’s friends did to me on the way home!” Lily shouted playfully and wrapped her arm around their mother’s.
The thing in question was releasing an army of chocolate frogs in Lily’s train cart.
Not that bad at all, really.
“Oh piss off, Lils we’ve done far worse.” Rose said which resulted in a ridiculing look from their mother and a snicker from their other sister Petunia.
“Sorry, mum.” Rose grumbled as the four of them walked away together.
—
 Christmas Eve 1975 
In the Evans’ household even Petunia had a smile on her face on Christmas Eve, their mum would make a festive breakfast and throughout the day the girls would usually get along, in the evenings extended family would come over for dinner, the home would be decorated heavily with Christmas lights and other decorations, the smell of citrus and cinnamon clung to the air. Their mum would even allow the girls to have wine with dinner, despite Lily and Rose still being seated with the other “children” of the family while Petunia sat with the adults. Rose didn’t mind much, the children laughed at her practical jokes and Rose enjoyed making them happy. Lily felt like she deserved to sit with the grownups and Rose very much agreed.
Before the first family members headed out they would all exchange gifts. There was always a distant aunt or something another that would forget which girl liked what and so this year Lily ended up with clay pots and gardening tools while Rose got fresh canvas and soft pastels.
 They swapped gifts once everyone had gone. 
As the house cleared, the Christmas lights were turned off, and all that remained in the living room was the tree, empty furniture, and the cold in the air. Rose retreated up stairs to wish her sisters and mum a goodnight before retiring to her room.
Around 2am Rose was awoken from her sleep to a sound of a thud in her room.
She grabbed her glasses quickly and tried to piece together what it was she had heard in the dark, she leaned over and flipped the lights switch, seeing the cause of the noise.
A boy with messy black hair and tearstained cheeks looked up at her.
“Regulus?” She asked completely dumbfounded. The boy looked rough.
“Sirius—“ he started but couldn’t seem to finish.
“Sirius—” he tried to say again, but cries escaped his lips instead of coherent words.
Rose practically jumped out of bed to come comfort the boy.
“What is it, Reg?” She asked in the softest voice she could.
“Sirius is gone”. He said finally.
 Sirius is gone. 
 What does that mean? 


Chapter 34
“He’s gone. He left.” Regulus said again, and this time he spoke calmly. Dully.
The boy’s tears had not yet dried on his skin by the time he had retreated back into himself.
“You’ll have to explain a little more, Regulus.” Rose responded while stepping away from the boy to grant him some space, playing with the sleeve of the green jumper she had worn to bed as she did so.
A jumper that originally belonged to him. His family name written in large letters across the back.
Regulus took a deep breath and began to speak.
“Sirius did another thing only he could do, ran away. We can’t both be him. We can’t both prance around with our Gryffindor ties undone and be friends with whoever we want. One of us had to be a Black. It’s always been me, and now that he’s gone it will have to be me forever. Alone.” He said, bitterness and distain coating his voice.
Rose was unsure of how much about the so called “Ancient and Noble House of Black” she was actually meant to know, what little she did know showcased an old family full of pureblood tradition and control, because of that Rose couldn’t help but see the other side to this story. The side where one of her best friends finally escapes his tyrannical family.
Regulus himself told Rose he didn’t hate his brother, but at times it didn’t seem like Reg loved him either.
He surely wouldn’t now.
As a silence settled between them Regulus took a look at his surroundings, letters littered the walls, candles sat unlit in the darkness, and a framed green moth was propped up on her desk next to a small black box Rose didn’t recognize. She’d decided he must have brought it along with him and sat it there before she got up.
He walked wordlessly over to some of the letters and ran his fingers over a common signature.
 Sirius O. Black 
“You all have the brother I once had. You, James, Peter, the werewolf.” He spoke monotonously, as if that fact did not bring him any pain now, but once had.
“Regulus….” Rose began to apologize but felt it would be futile, so instead she asked about the werewolf statement.
“How do you know about Remus?” She asked, voice soft and unassuming.
“I’m observant, and you call him bloody Moony. What else was I meant to think? In any case if I was unsure before you’ve just confirmed it”. He said plainly as he continued to look around the room.
Something about him seemed too fine. It was as if he was in a forced type of neutral state.
“You should have a bath, I can set out some clothes for you, we probably wear the same size anyway. If anything mine will be too big on you.” Rose suggested.
When she felt emotional or trapped in her own head she would have a bath, open the small window next to the tub to feel the sunbeams on her skin and smell the grass on the ground below.
He gave a nod in agreement and Rose promptly looked through her things and pulled out some green flannel lounge pants and an oversized t-shirt with the print of a 60s music festival on the front.
“It was my dad’s. He got me and Lily one too but they’re too small to wear now so I keep his.” Rose said as she folded the items and began leading the way to the hall and then the bathroom, taking extra care to be quiet.
She sat the clothing items on the counter and started running the bath, checking the temperature intermittently the way her mother would do for her when she was young. 
“Okay, it’s ready. I’m gonna stay but I’ll sit over here on the floor, I won’t loo—“
As she spoke the boy had removed his shirt which caused her to hold up her hands in protest.
“Hey! Let me turn around at…at least…” Her voice trailed off into silence and she dropped her hands.
Visible on the boy’s ribs were multiple scars, lightly pink, perfectly straight and stacked atop of one another with a few inches of space between. They were large.
Rose turned around quickly to face the door, feeling like she had seen something she was never meant to.
“Reg-“ she spoke but was cut off.
“I am the    perfect    son. You should see Sirius.” He said darkly. Rose looked at the doorframe, as tears began to well in her eyes, truly realizing the cruelty two of her dearest friends had been put through in their own home.
Rose heard the sound of rest of his clothing hitting the floor and sat down, still looking away from him. She pulled her knees to her chest and listened to the sounds of night coming from the open window.
Finally she broke the silence, speaking to him in a pleading tone.
“You don’t have to go back. You could stay here, my room is small but we could get bunk beds….we could prank Sirius together and sneak into my mum’s liquor cabinet when she’s asleep, hangout with Lily, please don’t go back there.” Rose said while tugging nervously at her sweater.
She could hear Regulus sigh behind her then he spoke slowly, taking care with each word.
“Rose, I thought they were going to kill Sirius for leaving tonight. Imagine what they would do to you, or your mum, for taking me in.”
He took in a sharp breath before continuing.
“I could hear him screaming, Rose. They locked me in my room, but I listened. Eventually the screaming stopped and that’s when I realized he’d actually done it. He left. They never came back to unlock my door so I thought about where I wanted to be, seeing as they were too distracted to care where I was for once. Since it’s not possible to be back in first year on the hogwarts express sitting across from some red-haired girl I didn’t know yet reading a book I apparated here.”
He swallowed before continuing.
“Teleported basically, a spell. I’d seen the address written down in some of Sirius’ things before and wrote it down for myself, didn’t think I’d ever actually use it.”
“I see…” Rose said, the sound of bathwater sloshing softly could be heard in the background.
The two of them sat in silence after that, Rose would occasionally hear Regulus whimper and let him, he needed the time to mourn uninterrupted.
Later it had been quite some time since Rose had heard any sound from him, concerned she asked
“Reg, are you okay?”
“I’m fine, Rose. I haven’t drown. I would like to get out now though, water’s cold.” He said with a hint of his usual sarcasm back in his voice.
“Okay, I’ll be in my room.” Rose said as she stood, and pointed out where the towels were before twisting the cold metal doorknob and exiting the room.
Rose sat on the edge of her bed and waited for him to enter, when he did he had his crumbled clothes in his arms, wore her father’s t-shirt and her pajama pants and as suspected both fit rather loosely. The ends of his hair was wet and a few strands were stuck to his face, which was scowling.
Rose was fond of that scowl.
“Hey Reg, grab a coat okay? I wanna show you the garden, but it’s outside obviously.”
Rose wrapped up in her own coat and showed Regulus where he could find one for himself and quietly lead the way out of her room and down the stairs and eventually out the front door, she then unlocked the garden gate.
When the moonlight hit his skin she was reminded of other moments spent late at night  with him, his face had hardened since then and Rose expected things will only get more difficult for him in the coming months.
They walked through the gate together, stepping onto a stone path behind the house. Rose gave him a tour of the garden, an area full of empty bushes that used to be green and lush with irises and lilacs on them. There was a small and cracked stone fountain in the middle of garden, moss clung to the underside and ivy vines crawled up the sides. The garden was enclosed with a white fence. At one point Regulus waved his hand and the iris bush bloomed, something he was not suppose to do but knew Rose would never tell.
“Wow.” Rose’s eyes lit up at the sight, she shivered as an army of ants crawled by in a line on the ground next to their feet.
“I use to spend a lot of time out here just laying in the that grassy bit over there, but it’s bloody cold now so I don’t as much. It’s nice to read out here during the summer, when I’m not in my room.” Rose said, her breath came out as mist from mouth with each word. There was no snow on the ground but it was so cold there might as well have been.
As Rose looked back at Regulus she noticed his attention seemed to be focused on some of the houses in the neighborhood, confused by this she asked
“What is it?”
“I’ve never seen those before.” Regulus said as he pointed towards the numerous Christmas lights still glowing in the dead of night.
“You haven’t?” She asked surprised
He simply shook his head in response.
“You’re going see them tonight.” She said with a smile.
Rose thought back to previous Christmases, her cold nose pressed against the car window in the back seat of her Mum’s car as they drove through their town looking at all the Christmas lights, Lily sat beside her, sharing one seat to get a better view of the colorful lights people had decorated the outside of their homes with.
“Mum turned ours off before we went to bed but I know just the place to take you to see some.” She said.
A few specific neighbors went absolutely all out each year and their lights would shine brightly until morning, something her father use to complain about in the past.
“You down for a little walk?” Rose asked.
“I don’t usually get a say when you drag me places.”
She interlaced their arms with a smile.
“Let’s be off then.” 


Chapter 35
They were careful to avoid any signs of life on the walk, aside from a few stay cats. 
Regulus tried to pet every one.
Once they reached the right place Regulus’ eyes widened at the sight, the home itself was quaint but the decorations were as over the top as Rose promised, multicolored and elaborate while still being tasteful.
They sat in the darkness on the grass across the street, they’d stopped to look at a few other houses on the way, but this particular one never disappointed.
After watching the lights play through their little dance a few times Regulus yawned, it had been a long day for him.
Rose found herself looking at his features as he yawned, skin washed in color from the glow of the Christmas lights. Red and green hues danced across his face.
Her eyes settled on his lips, and she found herself wondering if Regulus had ever kissed anyone before, she figured that much like herself he most likely hadn’t.
She pushed that thought aside and cleared her throat.
“We should uh- start heading back.” She said standing and pulling the boy up with her.
He yawned once more.
—
“Shhh” She whispered as she shut the front door as quietly and gently as possible behind them.
“We have to be super quiet okay? Walk carefully.” She continued as they made their way up the stairs, she had to stifle a giggle as Reg sleepily made his way up the stairs and back into her room.
When they first entered the room Rose let Regulus sit on her bed as she made a pallet for herself in the floor, a few blankets and pillows thrown together. Not ling after she abandoned that project, deciding it would be fine for them to share her bed.
“Rose, before I fall asleep, I did get you something.”
“You did?” Rose said, she’d almost forgotten the date, despite the festivities around her.
Not to mention, as if things couldn’t get worse for him, Rose remembered that Regulus’ birthday was coming up on the 26th, only a day away since it was technically already Christmas day.
“I told mother it was for me. It’s in the little box. Open it.” He instructed while also explaining how he was able to get a gift for his muggle-born friend.
Rose took the box from her desk and did as she was told, inside was a shining silver ring.
Rose took it out of the box to inspect it further and found that “R.B.” was engraved along the inside.
“I’m Rose, so what’s the B for?” She asked as she slipped it on one of her fingers, it was almost too small, but luckily still fit.
A bit of pink grazed his cheeks.
“That’s…well that’s for me, I guess.”
He didn’t sound sure that B was for him.
“Right. Of course. Thank you, it’s beautiful.” She said moving her hand around in the moonlight to watch it shimmer.
It would not be the last ring she’d get from him, but as far as she knew it was the only one actually made for her.
Rose sat on the opposite side of her bed before speaking once more.
“You know- I’ll have to take you to the cinema one day, or show you some muggle music, or both”. Rose said as she got completely under the covers, once he did the same she sat up and held the blanket up with her hand.
“It’s like a tent!” She exclaimed childishly, getting a sleepy look for Regulus in response.
“Rose, go to sleep.” He said before curling up to do just that.
Rose let out a huff before cuddling up to her pillow on the other side of the bed.
“Goodnight, Reg.” She said as she closed her eyes.
“Goodnight.”
That night Rose noticed that Regulus sleeps on his stomach, which she thought was the weirdest thing ever.
—
The next morning the door burst open as Lily ran over to Rose’s bed. Early morning sunlight beaming through the window and shining down on the two of them who had shifted closer to one another in their sleep. It was comfortable there, and warm.
“Merry Chri— ROSE EVANS!” Lily yelled.
Regulus groaned and tucked himself further under the covers, but Rose shot right up, practically jumping out of bed.
“Lily, quiet!” Rose whisper yelled at her sister.
“I knew I heard you in here talking to someone in here last night!” Lily yelled once more.
“Lily, be quiet!” She whisper yelled once more. 
Lily shut the door behind her and crossed her arms over her chest. It was unlikely her mother or sister could understand what Lily had said from down stairs, but Rose was grateful for the closed door either way.
“What’s a boy doing in here, Rose?” She asked pointedly. Looking at the spot where Regulus was, he stretched one under the covers before sitting up and rubbing his eyes.
“Regulus Black.” Lily said with shock.
“I also go by Reggie on occasion.” He said as he stood and stretched once more.
With how nonchalant he was acting he must have been sure his parents didn’t noticed his absence, Rose was beyond worried they might have.
“What’s he doing here, Rose?” Lily asked utterly confused.
“Trust me, Lils it’s not something I can talk about, okay? Please just trust me and forget it?” Rose pleaded with her sister.
“I won’t push…for now. I’ll be in the kitchen with mum. Hurry up…” Lily said as she left the room.
“She means it, she’s not gonna ask. She’s good that way. Even if she’s stubborn if she thinks it’s serious she won’t be pushy.” Rose said reassuringly.
“Good. I should be going. I’ll return the clothes to you when I can. Goodbye for now, Rose.”
“Don’t get yourself in trouble with my muggle stuff. Don’t let anyone see.” She said as she put her glasses on and removed the covers from herself. Then finally standing up.
“Merry Christmas Regulus, and Happy early Birthday.” She said with a smile.
He acknowledged her with a look, but without another word he was gone.
A familiar scent lingered behind and Rose found herself wondering about how Sirius might be doing right now. She know for sure once they returned to Hogwarts.
Rose joined her family downstairs, Lily gave a knowing look, but kept her word on not bringing anything up again.
When it came time to return to school, going back to only sharing passing glances and silent hellos with Regulus hurt a lot more than it ever had before. 


Chapter 36
Rose chewed softly on a piece of muggle chewing gum while sitting beside James on the Hogwarts Express.
“How was everyone’s holiday? Your family travel again this year, Pete?” Rose asked the group
“Went to Canada, it’s so much colder there.” He answered
Rose nodded and took a peek out the window. She expected the boys would know about Sirius already, while she still didn’t, at least as far as they knew.
“I bet” She said to Peter while looking over at Sirius, he and James shared a look and Rose knew what was coming.
“Hey uh…Thorns? We won’t be sharing letters with Pete anymore.” Sirius said with a scratch of the back of his neck.
“Pardon?” She asked, wanting further explanation.
James responded by throwing an arm over her shoulder and smiling.
“Sirius lives with me now. He won’t be marrying any pureblood girl or learning any dark magic on my watch.” He said.
That’s right, a family like that would have Sirius and his sibling’s lives planned out for them, even who they marry…
“Yeah, thanks, Prongs. It’s for the best, really. I’ll be able to see you all during breaks now. Christmas at the Potters was different.” Sirius said before looking down for a moment.
He’d done what he had to.
“Hey, that’s great, Pads.” Rose said with a reassuring smile.
“You did the right thing, Sirius.” Remus said from  the seat next to him, squeezing the boy’s shoulder supportively.
Sirius responded by pushing away his hand and shaking his head.
“No sappy stuff, lads. We have other things to do, pranks to plan, and a map that’s still a work in progress.” He said with a half-hearted smile.
Rose smirked in response.
“I was actually thinking, my snake self can fit in plenty small spaces, I’m sure that opens up new passages we couldn’t reach before.”
“Brilliant, Thorns.” James said squeezing her shoulders tightly as she chewed her gum.
“Thanks, James. And Sirius? I must admit I’ll miss Peter’s little annotations, we’ll have to share a letter with him sometime. That’ll be better than being left alone with you, ya prat.” Rose said with a smile
“Yeah? Alright, Thornsie.” He said as he breathed out a soft chuckle.
—
Rose returned to her dorm as comfortably as ever, tucking Regulus’ jumper away and flopping down on her bed after unpacking what she’d taken with her during the holidays.
A gloomy green light splashed onto the cold stone walls as the sound of water lapping against the windows could be heard throughout the dorm.
“Ode, it’s awful. I’m even having dreams about it.” She sighed as she continued the conversation they had been having while unpacking, each complaining about their love lives.
“Tell me about these dreams, Evans” The dark haired girl said as she laid back on her own bed, Stephone and their other roommate were both still elsewhere in the castle.
“Well…” Rose began.
“Last night, before we came back I had this dream about a dance of some sort- but it wasn’t current. It was like I’d gone back to medieval times, long dresses and puffy sleeved shirts, and armor. I think I was an alchemist of some sort. I remember exploring this old dungeon…torchlight bouncing off the walls and a far off smell of molten metal in the air…I could hear the sounds of the party above me, I held the end of my dress up to keep it from getting dirty and made my way back up there, people were drinking and eatings and dancing, the whole place smelled like fire whiskey and honey, I dropped my torch as I saw a man from across the room, curly dark hair, his hands were pale and fair like a doll’s, yet still masculine. He wasn’t looking at me, I made my way through the party and I kept looking over at this man, and eventually he looked back at me but I didn’t get a good look at his face, a fire had started…from where I dropped the torch I guess, a giant tapestry across the wall was set ablaze and people where running around everywhere— I saw him again and he motioned for me to follow him, we ran out if the hall together and I remember saying that the whole fire was my fault and he laughed! And then I laughed and we were just running out of the hall as the flames seemed to completely over take it, once we were safe I finally tried to get a look of his face again but—“
“But?” Ode said on the edge of her bed, she’d leaned forward to listen to the story.
“Then Lily woke me up. I was so mad.”
“I’m mad! I wanted to know which one is was! I can’t figure out who one you fancy.” Ode said crossing her arms, she’d heard plenty about Regulus and his brother throughout their conversation.
“I suppose that’s the crux of my problem Ode, I don’t know either. It feels wrong. To be honest, I don’t think I would have seen either of their faces on that man, I’m not sure he would have had a face at all. Maybe I still don’t really fancy anymore.” Rose said with a sigh.
“Whatever the case you can’t help who you like Rose, or who you don’t for that matter.” Ode said trying to be reassuring.
Rose nodded before speaking again.
“I have a question.” Rose said, her cheeks heating up the smallest bit, Rose could hear what sounded like Stephone’s voice about to enter their shared dorm.
“Go ahead.” Ode said
“Okay. Have you ever kissed anyone?” Rose asked bashfully.
“Oooh! Have you Odette?” Stephone said in a teasing tone as she poked her head in the door.
Ode’s expression changed and she suddenly appeared ill.
“I- uh- yeah. I have.” She said as Stephone walked through the doorway and sat down on her own bed.
“You two still in here talking about the same boys you’ve been talking about for years? Tell me Odette, did that blonde one ever stop being an utter tosser?” She asked with the same teasing attitude and a smirk.
“No. He didn’t.” Ode said pointedly. Rose cleared her throat and spoke up.
“So…there’s a party in the common room tonight, a bit sudden but I’m down to go if you two are, I’m sure the marauders are gonna try to crash it even if I don’t go.” Rose explained as the other two girls nodded along with the idea.
“You think Rom— Regulus will be there?” Ode asked, her facial expression had finally gone back to normal.
“Even if Romeo is there he’s not gonna talk to her.” Stephone said in a bored voice as she stretched out on her bed.
“Steph!” Ode scolded
“It’s fine, Ode. She’s right.” Rose said with yet another exasperated sigh.
“I am.” Stephone agreed.
“She’s also a total tosser.” Ode argued.
Stephone smirked at that.
“I am.”
—
The familiar smell of clean clothes and fresh fruit wafted between Rose, Stephone, and Ode as they passed through the door to the common room.
“Think you sprayed on enough perfume, Odette?” Stephone asked while pushing away from the girl once they had all squeezed through the door together.
“Piss off, Steph at least I smell good.” Ode countered as Hong Kong Garden by Siouxsie and the Banshees played throughout the echoey stone room.
Tourists swarm to see your face
Confucius has a puzzling grace
The feeling of this party was far different from the Gryffindor parties Rose had been to. The song played on.
Disoriented you enter in
Unleashing scent of wild jasmine
 It was packed in the dungeons, were as it was usually rather cold in the common room tonight body heat radiated through it. It was smokey, and also unlike other parties, the distinct sound of fire whiskey bottles clinching together could not be heard. Instead the earthy scent of cannabis clung to the air.
Outside a storm was brewing, winds howled and rain poured down on the lake above, you could almost hear the rain slapping the water and the waves crashing against the windows above the commotion of the party.
There was the same foggy green haze from their the dorms in the common room.
Rose had left the top buttons of her shirt undone that night so the green jewel on her necklace could be seen gleaming against her skin in the dark.
“We’ll be back, Evans, we’re gonna go dance, join us in a bit, yeah?” Ode said loudly over the music, storm, and many voices that filled the space as she pulled Stephone away to join the others who were already dancing.
Rose looked around, for one to see if she could find the source of the smell of smoke that filled the room(she didn’t), and also to try and find someone to talk to while she waited for a song she enjoyed.
That song came quite some time, and a few shots of fire whiskey later.
The marauders had made a dramatic entrance as always, with James and Sirius being loud, and Remus had a bit of a prefect standoff with Evan Rosier as he and his friends arrived around the same time as the boys did.
Regulus among them.
Remus had noticed their presence bothered Rose and nudged James to offer up the fire whiskey they had brought, not enough to get drunk but enough to ignore the pureblood prats and have a dance or two with Odette and Stephone.
James and Remus also hovered around Sirius, as seeing his brother’s glance from across the room seemed to fowl his mood before the drinks were introduced. A vast difference from Peter who seemed to really enjoy the more claustrophobic environment, and being around people he really didn’t know. He drank with his mates all the same though.
Then, as Super Freak by Rick James started playing Rose returned to the marauders from a short stint of dancing with her roommates.
She's a very kinky girl
The kind you don't take home to mother
She walked up behind James and threw an arm over his shoulder singing sillily.
“She will never let your spirits downnnn
Once you get her off the street!” She sang next to him before laughing and removing her arm from his shoulder.
“You’re never gonna get with Lily, Mate.” She said laughing some more.
But deep down she had a feeling he actually might, Lily complained about him a lot less, and asked about him a lot more recently.
“No, I wouldn’t if I had that attitude, but I don’t give up!” He said with a cheeky smile, his glasses sliding down his nose causing him to push them back up hastily.
As the song continued on the conversation stopped and more singing erupted.
“The girl's a super freak
The kind of girl you read about
In the new wave magazines!”
Almost everyone at the party seemed to sing along.
“She's a super freak, super freak
She's super freaky!”
And most were also bouncing around to the music boisterously.
“Oh, She's a very kinky giiirllll” Sirius sang extra dramatically falling back into Remus who was balancing a cigarette in one hand and Sirius with the other.
“The kind you don't take home to mother!” James added in with his own James-like flare, throwing his hands in the air.
“She will never let your spirits down
Once you get her off the street!” Rose concluded as Sirius pulled her to him, Remus wobbled a bit but was able to keep the three of them steady, the smell of smoke radiating off him. 


Chapter 37
Once Sirius and Rose were stable Remus took a step away from the group and spoke.
“I’m going to finish this-“ he held up his hand with the still lit cigarette in between his fingers before continuing.
“Which means it’s your turn to take care of them.” He said to Rose, pointing to the three boys surrounding them with his cigarette hand.
Usually an older student named Frank would somewhat take care of the boys when they got out of hand, but Frank Longbottom was not going to be at a Slytherin house party.
After giving his instructions Remus nodded to Rose and took off on his own, this is when Rose realized that sometime during the night he had taken Sirius’ leather jacket as he was wearing it now, one hand holding his cigarette and the other was tucked into a pocket on the front of Sirius’ jacket. His boots barely picked up off the floor as he walked outside.
If anyone was meant for a leather jacket, it was Remus.
A few more songs passed as the night went on and the boys all eventually migrated back to Remus outside, all but Sirius who sat next to Rose in a corner as they passed a cigarette he’d taken from Remus back and forth.
“God, the common room is going to smell so bad! And I’ll have to help clean it.” Rose said while throwing her hands up as the realization hit.
“I’m sure it’s bad enough you have to deal with Reggie and Snivellus in here, now it’s got fire whiskey all over the floor.” He said with the Cigarette still hanging in his mouth, bouncing lightly with his words.
Rose made a face at the fire whiskey comment, but took a deep breath at hearing Sirius mention his brother in such a negative manner.
“Sirius?” She asked in a hushed voice.
“Yes?” He asked as he removed the cigarette from his mouth and put it out.
“You have the cloak right? We agreed you would use one of your “no questions asked” so we could 100% go pull some pranks if the lads just got piss drunk and wanted to go play animal farm out there instead?” Rose asked
“Yeah, of course” He said as he picked up the invisible cloth that was sitting beside him.
Not that Rose could see it, she’d left her glasses in her dorm. And it was invisible.
“Could we use that to uh- have a chat?” She asked quietly.
His response was scanning the room to see if anyone was really paying attention to two students sitting in the floor on the far end of the room and once he was sure there was no prying eyes he threw the cloak over them and whispered the silencing charm.
“So what’s this about?” He asked, Rose took a moment before answering.
“It’s, Regulus, I understand why you did it but, he probably feels like you abandoned him, you know?”
“You mean like he abandoned you second year? Did what our parents wanted instead of what he may have wanted to do? Don’t you realize he’s just gonna to keep doing that?”
“But what if he really has to now?” She asked and Sirius sighed.
“I’ve done all I can, Rose. I’ve made my sacrifices. He’ll have to make his choices on his own from here. That’s not on me, and it’s surely not on you.”
He leaned his head back on the wall behind him and closed his eyes.
Rose did the same, their hair was touching, messily mixing red and black stands.
The cloak felt smaller then, it would feel that way when Rose was under it with only Sirius.
A comfortable silence settled over them after a short time. She moved a tad to get comfortable, their knees had been touching as they sat next to one another, and now Rose had become aware that their hands had been doing the same.
She took a long look at their hands before speaking.
“Sirius?” She said looking back up at him.
“Yes?” He answered opening his eyes to look into hers. The air thickened in that moment.
“Aren’t you kind of going out with that girl, uh Mary? Lily’s friend?” She asked looking in another direction for a moment.
She’d heard the boys talking about it on occasion, though Rose wasn’t exactly sure. If not, none of her sisters close friends seemed to be seeing anyone, including Lily herself and Dorcas, Odette’s older sister.
He gave a short laugh before answering.
“Thorns, “going out with” aren’t exactly words I string together very often.” He said as he leaned his head back against the wall once more.
“Good.” Rose said with a nervous breathlessness that caught Sirius’ attention, he quirked a brow and looked down at her, by then her hand was placed gingerly on his cheek. A small shake to it.
He placed his hand atop of her’s and starred down at her for a moment, he’d just kept watching her like that. Trying to figure out what she was thinking.
And he’d bloody done it too.
“Don’t be nervous, Rosie. It’s just a kiss.” He said soothingly.
He was still just one of the lads, kiss or not.
So, she finally reached up and touched her lips to his.
He kissed back without hesitation, the scents of smoke and cinnamon prevalent in the air.
Sirius’ kiss felt not like someone who was often overwhelmed with passion as he presented himself, but as someone keeping their true passion at bay. Rose was sure her’s felt the same.
The one kiss became many shorter ones as Sirius removed his hand from atop of her own on his cheek to hold both sides of her face, both thumbs sitting gently under either side of her chin.
A rather loud crash caused Rose to pull away ratter abruptly. Sirius took a moment to scan the room for the source of the noise.
“Please don’t tell the others about that.” She whispered as they both looked around the room through the invisibility cloak.
“Won’t hear anything from me.” He said attempting to suppress the smile he felt pulling at his lips.
“But speaking of the lads—“ he said, pointing against the fabric of the cloak before continuing.
“I’m pretty sure that’s a deer I just saw peek it’s head out of the hallway leading to your dorms.” He said while standing, looking around again before taking the cloak off and pulling her to his side by the hips, together they walked through the party to handle James before he got himself expelled.
On their way out surveyed around the room, and when she found who she was looking for, her usual passing glance, she made a realization based on what she’d seen.
Regulus had his mother’s eyes. And not only the color.
—
The next morning at breakfast everyone seemed rather tired.
Peter had his head down, Remus flipped through a book like the rest of them didn’t exist, Sirius had switched places with James and was seated next to Rose, and James himself looked far less lively than usual.
You’d think they’d get use to these shenanigans.
“I’m still sorry I broke the window, Thorns.”James said sheepishly— well sheepishly for James.
“You flooded my dorm, Jamie. You’re lucky we got there in time to keep it from spreading.” Rose said like an annoyed mum.
“But we did fix it.” Peter mumbled without lifting his head up from the table.
“Yeah, and it took all night. You’re also lucky all my roommates were out.” Rose tsked as she drizzled some honey over the pastry she had in her hand before taking a bite.
She then stirred her tea once more, cinnamon scented steam wafting up to meet her and Sirius’ noses.
“Smells nice.” He said fondly before turning back to continue his own food.
“It does.” She said before she took another bite of her pastry while tugging at her skirt uncomfortably under the table. It was one of Lily’s old ones and had gotten too small. She’d need to get new ones next year. 


Chapter 38
At first the kiss was not acknowledged at all, Rose and Sirius might share a glance at one another from time to time, but much like when he’d kissed her on the cheek in the greenhouse, nothing between them seemed to change yet. As promised Sirius spoke not a word about it to the other marauders, or they didn’t let on that they knew.
Then, during Easter break it happened again.
James and Sirius had showed up to the Evans’ home unexpectedly through the cover of darkness, much like they had the on the night they met. Once Rose joined them the three managed to convince Lily to come along with them for a reprise of that first night.
“You’re far taller than you were last time you snuck me and my little sister out into trouble, Potter.” Lily said with her arms crossed over her chest as they walked under the glow of streetlights, their shadows stretched across the pavement.
“I’d say all-together I’m a proper lad now, Lilyflower.” He said smoothly.
James’ confidence was as unmatched as Sirius’ chaotic levels of energy.
“You lot want to actually get into some trouble?” Rose asked.
“What are you thinking, Thorns?” Sirius asked in response while pulling her to his side 
by an arm over her shoulder.
“If I remember how to lock pick well enough from Moons’ teachings, we could totally get a look at this old abandoned aquarium I wanted to visit, it’s got a room that’s a full on tunnel with the tanks all around you.” She said as she began leading their party in the direction of said old abandoned aquarium.
“Sounds fine enough, right, Lily?” James said looking over at Lily for confirmation of the plan.
“We can still watch the sunset too, the place is it’s near a nice hillside.” Rose added to sweeten the deal.
“Fine, sounds like it could be fun.” Lily admitted as they walked on in the darkness.
—
“James, please stop hovering, and Sirius, please just be still I’m the one picking the lock. Give me time.” Rose said frustratedly as she worked on the lock connected to a metal chain that was keeping the entrance closed.
For once Sirius’ pacing had paid off, however.
“Rose, be a snake.” He said
“Excuse me?” She looked over at Sirius who was pointing at a small hole in a cracked window, Rose preferred to not to use magic away from Hogwarts, but in the case of lock-picking the student had not become as skilled as the teacher.
“Oh, brilliant.” She said before doing as he suggested, shrinking down into a tiny orange snake before sticking her forked tongue out at them in a sharp hiss.
“I’ll never get use to that.” Lily said as she picked up her sister and handed her to Sirius.
“Alright, be careful.” Lily said as Rose slipped through the hole, she then changed back into her human self and unlocked the window latch, subsequently lifting it up for them to crawl inside.
Sirius crawled through first, after him James climbed in, before helping Lily through the window, then closing it behind them.
They explored the empty corridors, all the usual suspects of an abandoned building were present, various profanities graffitied on the walls, plants that had begun to overtake the building from the outside in, and all the exhibits expectedly empty.
Inside the vacant tanks new wildlife had taken root. An ecosystem of aquatic plants had begin to grow in the water left behind, it was surprisingly clear despite all the bright green algae.
They passed through hallways and tunnels with large glass tanks that stood from the ceiling fo the floor, the vegetation growing inside them looked like an underwater forest, as they walked along Sirius would occasionally turn into padfoot, walking off ahead to check for anything interesting before returning with directions to what they should check out next.
“Hey Thorns, snake down, I want you to come with me.” Sirius said, after returning from one of these ventures in human form.
“I can’t really see when I’m a snake, Siri. That’s why I stick out my tongue so much, helps me feel my surroundings.” She responded
“You can switch back when we get there I wanna show you something I found.” He said and Rose rolled her eyes playfully. Nevertheless she agreed, before turning to Lily.
“You’ll be fine with James, Lil?” She asked.
“I think so, if not all be fine all on my own. That’d be better than being stuck with Potter if he starts to act like a prat.” The other ginger haired girl said.
“I’m beginning to feel like you don’t know me, Evans.” James said.
“Lily Evans. Just to clarify.” He added
“We all knew what you meant you, knob. Don’t annoy her too much, we’ll be back.” She said before her and Sirius both transformed into their animagus forms.
Lily picked up the small snake and sat it on the shaggy black dog’s back, the snake hissed out a thank you, opening it’s small mouth then closing it again. The dog padded away and Lily laughed light-heartedly.
“I’ll never get use to that.” Lily emphasized her statement from earlier that night.
—
Padfoot trotted down the dark hallway with ease, the snake sitting on his back bounced up slightly with each movement, but did not fall off.
Eventually, Pads walked through a doorway that had long ago lost it’s door, leaving only the metal hinges behind. As he stopped Rose slithered to sit atop his head between his ears to get a better look at what was in the room, then he transformed back into human Sirius, Rose fell off his head but he caught her before she hit the ground.
“Gotcha.” He said before placing the light-orange snake on the ground for her to transform back into herself.
Once back, she rubbed her glasses and finally took a look at the room before her.
Inside was a large tank with a gaping hole in it’s glass, and a crack that ran all the way to the ceiling. The opening was large enough that Sirius stepped inside without having to duck down very far, and if you peeked into the hallway they had come from you could tell where the items from the room had been pushed away from the force of the water gushing out of the tank when it had broken.
Another opeming, this one in the ceiling, allowed moonlight to flow into the dark room in streams, illuminating the room further.
All types of plant-life had begun to grow in the room, the entire floor was basically covered in shrubbery and vine-y plants climbed down the glass siding as they had taken root in the ceiling.
It was as if the entire tank had been encased in newfound flora.
“Sirius, mate, this is so cool.” She said looking around in awe, and running her hands through the beam of light, watching it shine onto her arm. The air was fresh there, like a clear breath in a garden.
“Knew you’d like it.” He said rather quietly.
When Rose’s attention was back on him she’d realized he’d been staring.
She walked up to him and he reached a hand out to touch her hair, running his fingers through the curls till they were almost trapped in them.
That brought her even closer.
Rose gently grabbed a fistful of his shirt and backed them into the light from the ceiling. There he removed his hand from her hair and brought it to her cheek, the other wrapped around her as he leaned down to place a kiss on her lips.
Under the stars, and surrounded by greenery.
—
When morning came, and the group sat atop a hill covered in clovers and sweetgrass, Rose looked back at Sirius and wanted nothing more than to be back in his arms again. 


Chapter 39
After Easter break Rose saw Sirius more often, she’d leave her dorm in the middle of the night to find him propped up on a window sill, one leg swinging over the side.
“Thorns.” He’d say with a nod then hop down before tossing the invisibility cloak over them.
Frequently, they’d use the map to find Remus on his prefect rounds, and walk alongside him. At first, Moons seemed annoyed by the extra company, which, because of the cloak was just two disembodied voices, but by the time the end of the school year rolled around he’d come to enjoy their presence.
Nonetheless, In all that time, Sirius hadn’t kissed her again.
 June 30th 1976 
On the ride back home this year Rose sat in the window seat next to Sirius and Peter took her usual spot next to James.
Peter didn’t seem to mind the switch in seating much beside complaining that he wished he could just stay as a rat for the ride, Peter seemed rather fond of chilling out in his animagus form, sometimes Rose would come to hangout with the lads in their dorm and he would just sit in her lap as a small rat, it was quite endearing actually.
Once the chatter between the group had settled Rose took out her journal and began flipping through her botanical illustrations from the past year, she stopped on a few redesigns of her talking plant idea, ultimately professor Sprout wouldn’t give the green-light for the experiment, something about the dangers of carnivorous plants.
How was it suppose to talk without a mouth professor?
She closed the journal and placed it back into her bag, as she did so her fingers pushed against something that jogged her memory. She grabbed the small item from her bag, it was rough, rock shaped, and a pastel orange color.
“Hey, Worms, I almost forgot. I went back to that cave a few days ago, found a new crystal for you.” She said with a smile handing over the small rock to Peter. Her silver ring shining  in the sunlight coming from the window.
“Oh! Thanks!” He said as he opened his own bag to place the crystal inside. The bag usually had a few in it so it made a clinging sound when he walked by.
You started learning about crystals and other alternative methods of magic in Divination, a branch if magic that focuses heavily on foreseeing the future. Peter seemed especially interested in the subject and all it’s quirks and items. Recently it seemed like Peter would pick up rocks wherever they went, they’d sit on his bedside table, he’d even placed a tiny blue crystal in the flowerpot of Moony’s flower for good luck.
“No problem, Wormy.” She said with a yawn, sitting her hear on Sirius’ shoulder.
Remus looked her way at this, and Rose smiled sleepily before speaking.
“As per usual, I’m gonna get a nap. Wake me up when we get to King’s Cross.” She said as she closed her eyes.
—
 July 31st 1976 
Far too late into the night Rose heard a tap at her window.
Then another.
Then a few more, louder taps, and after those she could swear she heard someone agitatedly say “Sirius!”
She grabbed for her glasses and got up from her bed, looking out her bedroom window. That’s when she saw three of the four marauders standing in her garden with pebbles in their hands. Peter waved excitedly, Sirius dropped his pile of significantly larger rocks, and Rose instantly(and as quietly as possible) hurried down the stairs and out into the garden.
“Sirius! Peter!” She said as she reached her arms out to hug both of them.
“And you too James, come here.” She said and he joined the quick hug.
“Happy birthday, Thorns” James said with a smile once they all broke away from one another.
“Thought we weren’t going to make it and it still be your actual birthday, game of wizard chess with mum went on far too long, and Sirius didn’t help by being on her side.” James explained with a fake pout.
“I’m just glad to see you.” Rose said before looking up at the sky, the bright full moon peering down on them like a cruel inside joke.
Sirius must have noticed her action as he spoke up.
“Yeah, Moony couldn’t make it.” He said taking a look at the moon himself.
“I figured. I just wish there was more we could do for him.” Rose said before bringing her attention back to the boys. James spoke.
“We do have something for you, though.” He said
“Well, kind of for you, we’re all gonna use it.” Sirius added
“Yeah, it doesn’t really have a proper owner.” Peter said, the boys seemed to be completing one big sentence with one another.
“It took longer than expected, and really Moons did a lot of the work, but—“ James began as he pulled something from his back pocket, a thick, layered bit of parchment.
Their map.  It had taken a while.
Peter and Sirius looked on with excitement as James handed Rose the map, their longest running project to date.
“Now remember we’re just presenting it, but even so, Happy Fifteenth Birthday, Thorns.” James said as Rose held the map in her hands.
“It’ll be blank at first, it has a sort of password, if you get it wrong it’ll insult you. When you want to use it, you’ll bring out your wand, tap it, and say “I solemnly swear, I am up to no good.” and when you’re finished you’ll do the same with your wand and say “Mischief managed.” Got it?” He said 
”Got it.” She agreed, bringing out the wand she kept tucked in her pocket. 
“I solemnly swear, I’m up to no good.”
The blank parchment came to life.
On the front written in ornate lettering was:
“Messers
 Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs 
 Are proud to present 
The Marauders Map”
Rose’s name was not on the map, but there were illustrations of a tangle of thorns twisting in and around all of the marauders names, and that felt just as wonderful as her name being on the front.
She opened the map as was in utter awe of the  thing. Staircases moved, people walked around, everything was labeled, and the map covered EVERYWHERE.
“Mates! I’m so proud of you!” She said pulling James into another hug, the map held in both her hands. She’d done her job with it as well, but not nearly as much as the boys.
“Rose! Don’t crush the map.” Sirius said while walking up next to her.
“Oh, sorry!” Rose said as she stepped away and de-wrinkled the map.
“Who drew the thorns? They look bloody good.” She asked
“That would be Sirius.” James answered.
“Well, thank you, Sirius.” Rose said in his direction with a bright smile on her face, a pure type of happiness coursed through her veins as she looked at her friends.
Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, Prongs  and Thorns.
She was   almost   a marauder.
A Slytherin girl was almost a marauder.
”Mischief managed.” She said tapping her wand to the map.
It was blank again.
“You keep a good watch on it until we get back to Hogwarts, okay? Then we’ll keep it in the dorm. Same rules will apply like they do with the cloak.” Sirius said as he took the map in his hands, placing it in her back pocket gently before pulling her into a tight hug himself.
“You smell different.” He said, his chin sitting atop of her hair.
“Mum got me a new perfume for my birthday. It’s got a single note, lily of the valley. A really flower, but deathly poisonous.” She said moving her head and standing on the tips of her toes so she could look up at him, their faces were so close their noses brushed. 
“Poison, huh?” He said. His lips were dangerously close to hers, but Rose knew he wouldn’t actually kiss her here in front of the lads, no matter how close to it he got. A mischievous smile tugged at his lips.
“Yeah.” She said releasing him from the hug.
“We’ve got all night, maybe we can find some.” She continued while looking around at the rest of her friends with a smile.
Perhaps they would remain this way. 


Chapter 40
 September 1st 1976  
 The Hogwarts Express 
“Sirius, you signed all you letters S.O.B…you do understand the implications, right?” Rose asked sitting next to him, their fingers interlaced loosely.
“Yes I do. My mother is in fact a bitch so it works quite well.” He said plainly.
“Oh my god.” Rose responded and ran her free hand over her face.
“What?” Peter asked as he was a bit behind in the conversation as he’d just pulled James back into the train, he had his head sticking out of the window looking out at the passing hills, occasionally yelling into the wind.
Regular James things.
“SOB, it means son of a bitch, Peter. He’s the son of a bitch.” Remus said, stretching in his seat, placing his elbow on Sirius’ shoulder with a sleepy smile.
Peter shared a look with James.
After a moment, Rose removed her hand from Sirius’ and brought out a muggle book from her bag, she began reading while the boys chatted aimlessly. While she read she absentmindedly twirled the bookmark she’d been unsung in between her fingers, it was a photo of Regulus from years ago, sunlight had pinked his cheeks and flowers bloomed behind him. She had one of Sirius from that same year taped inside her journal.
“Is it going to take Reggie becoming a death eater for you to throw that away?” Sirius said, he’d been staring daggers into the photo before he spoke up.
Rose blinked her attention away from the book and looked at Sirius, she was never sure exactly how Sirius felt about Regulus, or her for that matter.
What she did know, is that Regulus becoming a death eater was closer than she’d wish to know. Severus had been a leading force in the Slytherin house, him, Evan Rosier, and Barty Crouch Jr. seemed to already be a part of, or be in the process of becoming death eaters.
Rose dreaded the day she’d learn the new. She’d imagined receiving a hastily written message from Regulus, saying something like “the mark” or “it is done”. She tried not to worry, to think something into existence, but it seemed to be the natural progression of things.
 There was also a chance that when it happened he wouldn’t tell her at all.
“Perhaps.” Rose responded breaking out of her thoughts and closing the book.
—
Once they had almost completed their journey back to Hogwarts a familiar face walked by, a girl with a face much like Dorcas’, with a much softer demeanor, the type of girl to wear flowers in her hair.
“Hi, Ode.” Rose said as the girl passed with a smile on her face, she turned around quickly and pointed to a badge on her robe.
“Take a look, Evans!” She said excitedly.
“A prefect.” Rose said with a friendly smile.
“Does this mean you’ll let me use the prefect bath? I’ve been dying to use some dried up magic flowers and see what would happen.” Rose asked half-joking
“I don’t see why not, as long as you clean up.” Ode said twirling the end of her green scarf around in his fingers.
“Really? Sweet!” Rose said excitedly and Ode shook her head with a chuckle.
“I’ll be with Steph if you need me.” She said before nodding and walking off in the direction of their blonde roommate.
Sirius looked between the two but said nothing.
“Interesting roommates you’ve got, Rosie.” James said.
“They’ve been wonderful, all expect the I’m sure IS a death eater.” She said making a face. She’d learned the name of their fourth roommate in first year, the fact that she didn’t remember it was telling enough that Rose didn’t talk to her. She was a blood purist and exactly the type of Slytherin Sirius seemed to think Rose might have been years ago.
As with each year the boys had each changed over the summer, James had a fresher hairstyle(probably in hopes of gaining Lily’s attention), Remus had a few more scars(poor lad), Peter seemed to grow a size or two, and Sirius had a few tattoos littered across the visible bits of his body.
“Woof” was seemingly hand poked under his ear, probably by James.
There were a handful of ancient ruins and symbols peeking through from under his shirt.
A star here, a moon there.
And—
Rose could swear she could see the outline of a flower through the thin material of his shirt.
“Sirius Black is that a Rose on your arm?” She asked with a face of utter shock.
“Oh yeah.” He said nonchalantly pulling up his sleeve to show the Rose on his forearm.
“I figured, even if one day you turn out to be a real bitch, Rose’s are still pretty.”
“Oh my GOD.” She responded
“I was expecting more of a “Sirius that’s so cool, man” if I’m honest.” He said laying back a little more comfortably.
“You are—“ She was cut off.
“I got one for Moony too.” He smiled and crossed his arms over his chest, leaning his head back and closing his eyes.
“Feel free to look them over.” He said with a smirk on his face. 


Chapter 41
September 1st 1976
Hogwarts
Approximately one hour before curfew
Rose sat reading under a willow tree, occasionally the wind would gust and it’s droopy leaves would brush her shoulder. She glanced down at the photo of Regulus between her fingers and sighed, closing the book and the photo within it.
 She grabbed her green wand that was laying next to her in the grass, while the other was in her hair. She waved it in small figure eights, while whispering an incantation, and on the grass ahead of her groups of pastel colored tulips sprouted up, another wave of her wand and a different incantation caused them to disappear leaving the patch of grass just as she’d found it.
She looked back down to her book, and the photo sticking slightly out of the top of it and stood, brushing the small leaves of the weeping willow out of her way as she walked straight to the marauders dorm to get the invisibility cloak.
I want to see him.
It was a simple enough exchange, the boys were almost unwilling to give it, but ultimately Rose got to use it for the night, then she waited for curfew to pass, giving some extra time so that hopefully Regulus’ mates would be asleep. They didn’t have to be for the simple plan of sneaking him out to work, but it did help.
She entered the dorm with relative ease, for the most part Regulus’ roommates seemed to have their bed curtains closed. She walked silently under the cloak, careful to stay away from all the candles alight on Reggie’s bedside table. She carefully slipped through the bed curtain and Regulus immediately noticed a disturbance, pulling his cover around his neck to cover himself. He looked to the spot where Rose sat, for him there was an indentation in the covers and a noticeable weight on his bed, but nothing to be seen.
He reached his hand out and pulled the cloak off her in one swift movement.
Rose waved shyly and Regulus spoke a quick quieting charm.
“I assume you’ll be taking me somewhere.” He whispered.
“Precisely. Now get under here.” She said lifting up the cloak.
They exited the bed, and dorms, eventually leaving the castle all together, when they were far enough out Rose removed the cloak.
“Where are you taking me, Rose?” He asked
“Well, I didn’t really have a location in mind…I more of just wanted to see you.” She said truthfully.
“You have no plans at all?” He asked
“Okay so I do have one plan, I was going to kinda ease you into it, but since you seem curious…” Rose trailed off as she reached into the small satchel she brought along, pulling out a charmed inkwell and a needle.
“I got the idea from y— a friend. I haven’t tried it yet because Ode and Stephone both said no, but I think if we do something simple I’ll be able to do it just fine.” Rose said cautiously, not wanting him to completely write off the idea of her putting a small tattoo on him.
“We’ll have to find a place to do it.” He said deadpan, as if the idea didn’t really phase him at all.
“O-oh! Alright yeah! Let’s bloody find somewhere then.” Rose said excitedly as they looked around for somewhere to sit.
Eventually they stumbled upon some dilapidated stone ruins, a common thing in the area, they had just enough surface space to work for what they needed, and there were still a few walls standing around it which felt….relatively safe.
“Here should do.” She said as she brushed off the area before they both sat down.
“Okay. So are you sure? I have no real idea what I’m doing here.” She said honestly
“If you do badly it will go away, if you do well, well congratulations at doing well.” He said looking back at her with his unchanging gaze.
“Right…I see the logic. Now the question is…what can put on you?” She asked, they discussed many things, most ended in being too large or too complex, they needed something simple.
“Do an R.” Regulus said
“Just the letter?” Rose asked for clarification
“Yeah, I get one, you get one, it’s simple and tiny, I doubt you can mess it up.” He responded
“Okay. Two little Rs. I want mine on my finger, what about you?” She asked, looking at the space above one of her left knuckles, where the small black “R” would be going.
Much to Rose’s absolute surprise he pulled the bottom of his shirt up, pointing to the lower part of his stomach.
“Wh— there?” Rose said, her voice heightened in pitch with embarrassment and confusion.
“No one can see it.” He said with a completely serious look on his face.
“Okay, I’ll do yours first then. Uh— lay down.” She said awkwardly. She whispered a fire charm to burn the tip of the needle before dipping it in the ink and hovering over the spot, right when she had settled her nerves enough to actually begin he spoke.
“Can I do yours?” He asked, she looked up  from where she was sat, leaned down over  him.
“Yes, but you’re gonna have to be still and quiet. I’m not an artist.” She said before looking back down and adding the first poke.
“Oh and this will probably hurt.” She said as he made an annoyed sounding wince.
“Got it.” He said making the noise again as she poked a few more times.
When they were done they both had tiny black Rs tattooed on them. Rose looked down at her hand.
“Sick.” She said with a smile.
“Yours doesn’t look half bad either.” He responded as he pulled his shirt down to cover his stomach once more.
They sat next to one another for a moment, and finally Regulus spoke, to discuss something Rose knew was coming.
“I’m to be a death eater, Rose.” He said looking straight ahead into the darkness.
Rose pushed up her glasses, and made a face.
“I figured as much.” She said bringing her knees to her chest tightly. 
“Even so, I won’t leave you.” She continued, looking over at him. 
It was a hard thing to say, but an even harder thing to mean when your friend is practically being forced to join a group that want to remove muggle-born people like you from the world.
Colorless eyes looked back into hers.
“Once Sirius left things really changed.” He said, touching the leather of her jacket softly before putting his hands in his pockets. 
“New visitors. Mother and Father’s expectations have skyrocketed now that it seems I can be part of something, there’s so much talk of war and— well, other things I won’t trouble you with.” He continued, looked down at his feet. 
“My offer still stands you could come with m—“
“No, Rose.” He said firmly, and just then a loud boom was heard, followed by a bright light in the sky. Fireworks.
At this hour?
They continued on, the conversation fizzled away as they watched them, they started as simple beams of light but then started taking shapes, lions, fire, a deer— a dog.
James
Sirius…
This was why they were so reluctant to give her the cloak.
Rose sat back against the cold stone wall behind  them, looking up at the work of the Marauders and then back over at Regulus.
A green firework exploded and the light trickled down, looking much like the willow tree she’d sat underneath earlier that night.
She slide her hand into his pocket to wrap her pinky around his.
He didn’t look back at her, but she felt his pinky tighten around hers.


Chapter 42
The night after the Slytherin vs. Gryffindor game Rose was in no mood to join the boys in their party, she could hear the muffled sounds in the distance from where she stood in the greenhouse, but was fine in her solitude.
Slytherin had lost, much because their star player(who happen to be Regulus Black) missed the match all together.
Regulus’ general well-being had terribly degraded over the weeks that followed their last meeting.
He was withdrawn in the classes they shared, making no effort to sneak little chats with her like he usually would, he looked paler, almost lifeless, and Rose could do nothing, but watch him wither. 
The boy who’d cried for his brother was gone. 
She’d see him on the dueling grounds when she go to practice duel-wielding her wands, a skill she’d frown rather good at. She could use one spell twice or two at once if she could focus enough to think one incarnation while saying another. 
Mostly she used one spell twice, Regulus seemed much more talented at dueling than she was, more so than most people in truth. 
Rose had worn his quidditch jersey underneath her own Slytherin jumper to the game, but it didn’t seem to bring any luck this time around.
In the greenhouse, She heard the familiar sound of padded feet trotting along the stone floor and turned her attention from the plant she was snipping to the black dog behind her, just as her eyes meet his grey ones the dog grew, and Sirius stood before her. 
She turned back around to continue removing dead leaves from the dittany plant in front of her, a bushy plant that occasionally released flammable vapors from his leaves.
“Don’t light a cigarette in here right now.” She said blankly as she tried to focus on her task as his footsteps came closer. 
Once he reached her, he sat his head on her shoulder and wrapped his arms around hers, rubbing a thumb over her healed finger tattoo. 
“I still think you were coping me, running off all by yourself to get a tattoo.” He said jokingly, but Rose was in no real mood for jokes.
“Oh, fuck off.” Rose said shaking him off her a bit. 
“I’m trying to preen this plant, Sirius.” She said thereafter. 
“You’re so confusing, Thorns.” 
“I’m confusing?” She said twirling around to look at him, small trimming scissors still in hand.
“You haven’t been able to decide if you hate me, fancy me, think of me as one of your mates for long as I’ve known you. No tattoo or fresh rose petals has helped me OR you figure it out.” She said, upon noticing she was waving the scissors around and eventually pointing them at him she sat them down gently on the table.
“And— much to our confusion, affection doesn’t have to be combatant.” She continued
“You think I fancy you?” He asked with a small tilt of the head
“That’s what you took fro— I mean maybe?” Rose said with an exasperated sigh.
“I don’t have to fancy you to kiss you. I mean, do you fancy me?” He asked
“Not particularly.” Rose said sassily(and perhaps falsely).
“Right. So what’s the real problem, Rosie?” He asked with an overly-cocky smile that made Rose want to toss some dirt from the nearby plant at him, but then she’d just have to clean it up.
“I know I asked you not to tell the lads, but, I mostly didn’t want them to know you were my first kiss. I really don’t mind us— you know— being more affectionate around them, I mean if I wanted to only have those moments with you during breaks from school I would just—” She cut herself off. Lucky he already had something to say.
“Awe, you embarrassed I was your first kiss?” He asked with a fake pouty expression.
“I was more embarrassed of the whole idea, everyone seemed to have done it already, I even think Stephone and Ode are seeing someone.” She said honestly
“That’s a shocker, that one.” Sirius said sarcastically
“Sirius!” Rose whined
“Yes, Love?” He asked, that smile on him again.
Rose just scoffed and leaned her hands on the table behind her.
“We’re good then? We understand each other on this?” He asked after a moment.
“I think we do.” She said, as he brought one of his hands to touch hers, as he did so the drunken sounds of James and Peter’s voices could be heard bouncing along the walls from outside, they were seemingly going to enter the greenhouse soon.
Rose made a face and looked at Sirius pleadingly.
“Look, Padfoot, this had been a good talk, but I really don’t feel like interacting with our drunk friends right now so I’m going to snake down, and chill here in my plants, and you go entertain the lads. Please.” She said in a hurry. 
“I’ve got you covered.” He agreed with a smile and a playful wink.
“Great. Okay see you in the morning.” She said as she shrunk down into her snake form, he picked her up and placed her gently onto the dirt of one of her favorite flowerpots before picking up the scissors and putting them back in their proper place, he’d come there enough to practically know where everything went.
Just then a drunken James peeked his head through the door, his glasses falling off his face, an even drunker Peter clung to his back.
“You seen Thorns, Pads?” James asked as Peter spoke incoherently behind him.
“Nope, probably sulking about the defeat.” Sirius suggested.
Rose would have hissed at him if she wasn’t in incognito mode.
“She is your brothers biggest fan.” Peter said, barely able to speak at all.
And she would have bit Peter for that. They never quite let go of the time she cheered for Reg instead of James.
“Hey now Pete, bitterness doesn’t suit you.” Sirius said, as he joined them.
“Let’s be off boys, Moons will be missing us.” He continued as he walked out of the greenhouse, two of his best mates with him.


Chapter 43
At breakfast the next morning Rose had plain mint tea instead of her usual. The green leaves floated prettily in her glass teacup as she flattened whipped cream over the french toast in her plate.
She took a careful sip from her tea, steam still rising from the glass.
“Trying something new?” Sirius asked after taking a sip of his own.
“Precisely.” She answered, blowing at it gingerly.
“You are always so nosey, Sirius.” Peter said while adding a few chocolate chips to his breakfast, Remus snagged one and popped it into his mouth without Mousy noticing.
“Yeah, Pads, you’re always so nosey.” Remus teased, which actually seemed to annoy the boy it was directed at.
“And you’re bloody secretive, what’s the difference? I’d say they’re bad habits cut from the same cloth.” Sirius added sending a glare his way.
Another one of their disagreements the rest of them had no clue about. Lovely.
Rose took another sip from her tea and lifted her eyes to meet James’ from across the table.
“I know you’ve only done it a few times.” She quieted her tone before continuing.
“But I’d like to come smoke tonight if you lot are down, figured I’d talk to my mate about it and pop by yours sometime after curfew. Could use a night of giggles and mischief myself.” She looked between Remus and Sirius, who still held annoyed eye contact.
“You two sure as hell could use some.” She said, concluding her statement and licking some whipped cream off her spoon.
“I’m always down, I’ll get some food, and “borrow” the crystal ball from the divination classroom, could be a right fun night.” Peter said with a smile
“That’s the spirit, Pete. What about the rest of you?” Rose asked
“I’m definitely for it. It’ll be in our dorm anyway, might as well. Maybe this time I’ll REALLY understand how brooms work.” James agreed before shoving some more food in his mouth with a smile.
“It’s magic, James.” Rose said with a small laugh
“But what IS magic?” He said jokingly
“We probably don’t want to think about that to hard, Potter.” Peter said before eating a few more chocolate chips.
“Moony? Pads?” James asked, as the boys still hadn’t agreed.
“I’ll be there. Sirius will too. Like you said, we’ve really got no choice. We live there.” Remus answered for both him and Sirius, who was seated next to Rose. Sirius was chewing on his thumbnail agitatedly, a gold ring with a small red jewel set in the middle adorned this thumb.
“That’s it then. I’ll see you lot after curfew.” Rose said before taking another bite of what was left of her toast as the bell tolled, signaling the end of breakfast.
As she walked to her classes throughout the day she made sure to keep and eye out for Xenophilous, she’d have to see him to get the smoke before heading to the marauders dorm later that night.
—
Not an hour after curfew the boys’ dorm was already filled with hazy white smoke and the usual smell. Remus had casted some spell to contain it, they could smell it, but it was magically incased in the room and would not seep out. The scent would naturally go away with a bit of time and incense burning.
Each marauder sat in front of their respective bed, and Rose sat in between James and Peter’s, random conversations would start up, and usually end with laughter or ideas no one would actually remember. Then, they’d stare at one another in silence until someone laughed, or someone had an idea.
Rose occasionally looked down to read a few paragraphs from the book she’d been working on, it connected Greek myths to the origins of different plants and she found it fascinating. Thus far the untimely death of a nymph was usually involved in the creation of these plants, Rose thought that was rather unfortunate for the nymphs.
“Rose, you’ve got to put the book down, man, life is happening up here.” James said slowly with droopy eyes and a silly smile.
“I know I know it’s just, the pictures are nice and pretty right now.” She said lazily
“I wanna see pretty pictures, snake-lady.” Peter said as he leaned over to take a look at the picture she spoke of, a painting of Ancient Greek nymphs in a stream.
The girls in the painting were beautiful— and without clothes, but their long hair and the lily pads from the water they were frolicking in covered most of their bodies.
“This is what you’re looking at, Thorns?” Peter asked with a sound like a squeak
“Oh give it back you, mouse.” Rose said grabbing the book.
“Rose likes looking at naked girls.” Peter said childishly
“They are painted respectfully!” Rose argued back, her cheeks and nose a few shades pinker than before this interaction.
“You don’t deny you like looking at— respectfully painted naked girls” Sirius said teasingly, a small smirk on his face
Rose did like looking at them, but didn’t feel that was any of their business. She liked looking at Sirius too, and that wouldn’t be a big deal.
“I can think girls are pretty.” She said looking over at James, knowing she’d find the most actual support there.
“I wonder if that’s how it started for Dorcas and Mar—“ Peter stared but was cut off
“Cut it out, Pettigrew.” James said looking over at their mousy friend.
“What about Dorcas?” Rose asked innocently
“Nothing for you to know, Rose. It shouldn’t have been said. Sorry mate.” Remus said, he’d seemed rather tense throughout the whole conversation.
Rose nodded, and before there was even time for a tense silence to settle over them Sirius spoke up.
“I’m fucking starving.” He said, which caused Remus to giggle which then caused Rose to giggle which THEN caused James to groan out in hunger.
“Me too lad, I could eat like— I don’t know, a real big bit of food.” James said nodding before closing his eyes and leaning his head back.
Sometimes James would do this, close his eyes and disappear off somewhere else, he’d come back with some philosophical theory.
“We’ve got to get some food lads, we’re losing Prongs.” Rose said with comedic desperation
“I’ve got us all covered.” Peter said reaching into a bag, he’d taken a trip to Honeydukes through a passageway with Remus earlier that day to buy snacks.
“I forgot about the sweets!” Remus said dramatically, eyes wide with this newfound memory.
Peter passed the bag around, allowing everyone to take what they wanted.
With everyone eating, Rose unwrapped a chocolate and starred at it for a moment before plopping it in her mouth.
“I’m telling you lot this stuff is way better than the fire whiskey you all drink. It gets you thinking.” She said full of conviction
“Thinking about shit we won’t remember.” Remus added before taking another bite of his chocolate bar and making a face that boarded on sinful. Must have been good.
Rose broke into a fit of laughter which then turned into a fit of coughs before Peter started speaking.
“Hope you’re alright there, Thorns, but since have all of your attention, I would like to present—“ he said pushing a cloth-covered circular object forward.
“Ta da!” He said removing the fabric.
“A crystal ball. We can do fortunes and stuff, who knows maybe Rose will get a girlfriend in the future.” Peter said jokingly
“Peter!” Rose exclaimed, Sirius laughed before speaking
“Or maybe Remus will get a girlfriend.” He said 
“Oh get bent, Black.” Remus verbally threw at the boy.
“Fortunes!” James said breaking through the tension— again.
Peter smiled gratefully and explained how to properly use the crystal ball, and each one of them tried it. Sirius claimed he saw nothing at all, Remus didn’t share, James said they would win the quidditch cup in their 7th year, and whatever Peter saw seemed to drain the life from his plump face, and he wordlessly pushed the ball to Rose looking half afraid of her. If it were any other time he would have been pushed to explain, but they would probably forget this whole thing in like 20 minutes.
When Rose starred into the crystal orb herself there was no surprise she saw plenty of the color green, it took a minute for the image to sharpen and once it had it didn’t really last long, but Rose could make out a few things.
It was as if she was seeing everything from her own perspective, but she had to be in her snake form by how big everywhere was, she was curled up in what seemed like a garden full of strawberry plants. The fruit hung above her head and fragrant leaves brushed against her small body. She saw a pair off feet walk by and got the feeling they belonged to Remus. Then, the images faded away, lost inside the crystal ball.
“I just become a bloody garden snake.” She said with a laugh, James giggled next to her and then the rest followed.
Perhaps Pete did as well, Rose couldn’t quite tell, or remember for that matter. 


Chapter 44
November 5th 1976
Two days after Sirius’ birthday the boys were still partying, there had been a party every night since, all seemingly arranged by James. He’d also gifted Sirius with many things throughout the last few days.
James was a good friend to Sirius, a good brother to him.
The usual tradition when one of the boys’ birthday rolled around was having a little get together in their dorm, a cake with the proper number of candles would be lit and happy birthday would be sung.
Lily would even come to these mini birthday celebrations as her friends were often invited.
This year after the song was finished Rose leaned over to plant a kiss on Sirius’ cheek with a smile. Much to Lily’s visible horror and confusion. Rose simply rolled her eyes and promised her sister it was just a friendly jester. Which- according to the agreement her and Sirius had come to, was completely true.
Nonetheless, days had passed since Sirius’ actual birthday(which made him the oldest of their group) and James was once again up on a table singing and dancing his little heart out far too late into the night.
Rose looked over at Remus who was caught between watching James sing, and Sirius dance with whomever was brave enough to walk up to him. Granted there was mostly Gryffindors in attendance so that number of dance partners kept rising.
“Hey Moons, you wanna fuck off from here and do something else with me?” Rose asked loudly over all the music and commotion.
“Absolutely, Thorns.” Remus answered before patting Peter on the back and waving a quick goodbye to James who sent two thumbs up in response.
Rose took one final look in Sirius’ direction before the two of them exited the party.
“I know you seem fond of the astrology tower, but have you ever thought about maybe climbing on the roof before? Looking at the stars from there?” Rose asked as they walked outside into the night, she’d had this scheme in her mind for a bit
“On account that seems needlessly dangerous, no I haven’t.” Remus said with a chuckle, he smelled like smoke and looked like
old memories.
“Well, I want to do it. I’ll feel safer having someone who sees the needless danger with me. If you’ll come.” She said with asking eyes
“If you fall off the castle roof and die James and Sirius would go absolutely mental, thus It’d be irresponsible to let you go alone.” He explained
“Is that your way of saying yes?” Rose asked excitedly, already planning out how they would get to the roof to climb.
“Yeah, it’s my way of saying yes.” Remus agreed with a small smile.
“Brilliant!” Rose yelled before leading the way to the place she had in mind to start their climb.
—
Starlight shined down upon the many pointed roofs atop the Hogwarts castle. Remus and Rose sat safely on one of the very few suitable surfaces they could find. Remus was tucked in and Rose sat on the back of a normal stone gargoyle, not the sentient kind that could be seen inside the castle. As they observed the beauty of the skyline before them Rose continued a conversation they’d been having, chatting about their mates.
“You know, there’s one thing that James and I have in common you guys will never understand.” Rose said in a joking manner
“Oh yeah? What’s that? Being scared of Lily?” Remus asked
“Oh I’m not scared of Lily, James is for sure, but not me. It’s simple really, you lot will never understand how annoying it is to lose your glasses, and then not be able to find them because you can’t bloody see! It’s a burden only James and I share.” Rose said dramatically
Remus laughed and shook his head before breathing out a sigh, a moment of comfortable silence passed between them before Rose spoke up again in a more serious tone.
“Remus…why, despite everything, do I still feel like I barely know you at all sometimes?” She asked turning her head to look over at him, glasses perched on the bridge of her nose, a little foggy from the cold as her green scarf flailed from the wind.
“Perhaps I don’t want to be known.” Remus said plainly, leaning against the stone of the rooftop.
“Oh come on, I could be helpful, with the moons, if there’s some girl you fancy I could get to know her..” Rose said before taking a bite from the chocolate Remus had given her earlier in their climb.
He scoffed, as if to say yeah— some girl. Rose knew asking him to expand upon that scoff would be no use so she moved on.
“You and Sirius sure do argue a lot.” Rose said leaning her hear atop the cold stone gargoyle.
“You and Sirius sure do argue a lot.” He retorted
“Touché.” She sighed and gave up the bursts of meaningful conversation for the night.
A bit after that Remus had stopped looking up at the stars to glance over at Rose, as if he’d heard something.
“Rose get off that thing.” He said
“What? Why?” Rose asked looking down at the gargoyle beneath her
“It’s cracking get off it.” He said before grabbing her arm to pull her off the old stone statue.
As he said, it was cracking— not a second later a bit of it had cracked off and fell down to the ground below, making an indentation in the grass where it plunged.
“Thanks, Moons.” Rose said with a quick breath.
“Let’s get off the roof now.” Remus instructed
“Yeah, I wanna go see where that fell anyway.” Rose said and they began to make their way safely down to where half of the stone gargoyle had fallen on the ground below.
“It’s a good thing no one was out here.” Rose said looking at the large and menacing stone head that starred back at her.
Remus nodded before taking out his wand and pointing it at the ground in front of it the gargoyles head, mumbling an incantation.
A single red rose sprouted up in front of the gargoyle, Rose smiled proudly at her friend’s work.
“And we’re the only ones who’ll get it.” She said holding out her fist for Remus to bump with his own. He rolled his eyes, but still did it.
“Hell yeah.” Rose said before they left the scene to go find their other mates.
No one bothered to move that thing for years.


Chapter 45
Late night parties aside, Rose spent most of her time in classes, or doing classwork. Her O.W.L.s or, Ordinary Wizard Levels, were coming up at the end of the year which meant Rose spent most of her free time on homework. This also meant she needed help to keep the greenhouses up to the standards she wanted to impress Professor Sprout with. Seeing as she’d never been able to really beat Regulus in their classes she had to find academic validation somewhere.
She seemed to find it trimming plants and propagating seeds.
She’d asked Sirius to help a few times since he was already very well versed in her equipment and methods, but each time he’d come work with her they’d spend it….less productive than she’d hoped. Kisses against the workbench are nice, but they do not keep the plants alive.
So Sirius was a no go.
She’d asked Marlene if she wanted to help, and Dorcas had offered to come along, but after thinking about it, Rose simply couldn’t do it.
Lily’s pretty friends(one of which was her roommates older sister) intimidated her in a weird— blushy way and that was another absolute no go.
Rose would have loved for Lily to join, but Lily was mostly busy studying for her N.E.W.T.s, and when she wasn’t studying or with her own friends it seemed like she was FINALLY giving Potter a bit of friendly attention. Rose could not come between one of her best friends and his dream to impress her sister. Plus, watching Lily’s distaste for James slowly turn to platonic intrigue was quite amusing.
This left Rose with even less options for help, but there was one person who was almost always willing to be dragged into something he may not REALLY want to do.
Peter.
—
Rose entered the marauders’ dorm room and bounced down on Peter’s small bed.
“Hey, Pete.” She said as the papers that were scattered across his bed flew into the air, and without missing a beat, James levitated them back into their proper spot.
“Wanna help me work in the greenhouses?” She asked rolling comfortably on the bed.
Sirius perked up at that, moving his attention from his book over to Rose.
“Oh? Need some help?” He asked and Rose could just feel Remus rolling his eyes.
“Not from you. I actually have things to get done, Pads.” Rose said before looking back at Peter
“So Pete, you down?” She asked, but Peter had already begun putting his things away so she knew the answer.
“Sweet.” She said triumphantly with a nod.
“How you get people to do what you want without my charm and charisma I’ll never know.” James commented with a smile, which resulted in Rose making the type of face Lily use to make when he’d say something like that.
“I hypnotize them with my snake powers. Now, come on Pete we have flora to tend to.” She said with a bite or sarcasm while hopping off 
Peter’s bed and leading the way out of the room.
Sirius’ attention went back to his book as the door closed behind them.
—
Peter placed a few crystals throughout the work space as Rose added the incense power to the hanging metal holder in the far corner of the room and lit it, smoke came out in streams and lingered in the space.
She gave Peter the proper equipment needed to trim the magical herbs, and instructed him on how to use a charm to slowly dry them out before grouping them into bundles and tying it off with string. This would be their task for the moment.
“What are these for, Rose?” Peter asked thumping the cap of a mushroom with a blue iridescent look to it that sat in a pot by their current workstation.
Rose shrugged her shoulders while tying off a bundle of herbs and tossing it gently into a pile.
“Dunno, Xenophilius, guy in your year, he asked me if he could grow them in here since the conditions are right, I didn’t see why not.” She said
“Right…and uh..what do you think would happen if I ate one?” He asked while touching the mushroom again
Rose looked over at him, looking him directly in the eyes before speaking.
“Don’t eat it, Pete.” She said directly.
After that she would occasionally glance over at him just to be sure he hadn’t eaten anything mysterious.
As time went on, Peter seemed to bore of human work and transformed into his rat self, scurrying around the greenhouse and hiding in little holes, while Rose worked, eventually he walked back into the middle of the floor and grew to his normal size once more. He seemed to have something on his little mind.
“Thorns, do you mind if I come by sometimes, just to, sit with the plants, like— as a rat?” He asked a tad sheepishly.
“Yeah, of course, mate. People can get real…stressful.” Rose said while plucking a weed from the plant she’d been working with.
“These guys don’t talk, it’s nice. There are three greenhouses on the grounds, you’re free to any of them.” She said with a smile while moving some hair out of her face.
Her hair had grown longer, her bangs were too long and had begun to cover her glasses. She’d considered trimming it herself with the preening scissors used to keep the roses Sirius had magically sprouted a while ago tamed, but knew it was best to get help elsewhere. Lily had been the one to trim Rose’s hair over the summer each year so she was the best option, she just happened to be busy as of late.
Stephone once offered, but Rose half expected that would be a prank and politely declined.
Speaking of pranks and declines, Rose’s assistance in the marauders pranks had greatly declined because of the larger load of schoolwork, she missed screwing around with her lads, but still found time to see them. She knew more pranks would come up in the future, big ones, and even if she wasn’t a part of them she’d still like to be there and watch.
“Thanks, Rose” Peter’s voice broke her out of her thoughts.
“Yeah, no problem, Pete.” She said, placing down another bundle, allowing her mind to wander once more.


Chapter 46
Shrouded in falling snow, Rose’s breath was visible in the cold air as she stood pinned against a castle wall, a man looked down at her with curly black hair as long as Sirius’ with a scent like fire and ashes stuck in it.
“It’s cold.” She said not breaking eye contact with the man, she’d been kissing moments before, his face wasn’t like Regulus’ or his brother’s, but it was a face Rose had seen, she just couldn’t quite place where.
Not that it mattered, the man himself didn’t particularly matter to Rose.
“Is it? Hadn’t noticed being as you’re quite warm. Seems you get warmer by the second really.” He said with ease, a smirk pulling to his lips as a hand adorned with different rings touched the skin of her pink cheek.
A ring that looked like a pile of snakes sitting atop one another came in contact with her skin and the cold metal made her shiver. Once again, Rose knew she’d seen the ring, but couldn’t place where.
The hand continued to trace her face gently, then made it’s way to the laces of the corset she was wearing before Rose pulled this man close to kiss him once more.
Then the sounds of Odette and Stephone squealing woke her from her dream. Her eyes abruptly opened and she shot up a moment after, grabbing her pillow and slinging it across the room at her friends who were joking loudly with one another.
“You utter twats! I think I was about to get laid.” She said with agitation before flopping back down onto her bed.
“Not by a real boy.” Stephone said dryly.
“Steph.” Odette scolded.
“It’s alright Ode, everything she says is heartbreakingly true.” Rose said dramatically.
“You’d think with how much time you spend with Sirius Black you’d have done that by now.” Stephone said again, Ode looked like she wanted to scold her again, but didn’t speak as once more— it was sadly true.
Rose groaned and grabbed one of her wands.
“Lumos” She said as she walked over to Odette’s bedside table, grabbing a key to the prefect bathrooms.
“I’m going to have a bath. Please, can you two just be asleep when I get back?” She asked
“Don’t come back. Go spend the night with some lad.”
“Steph re—“ Ode began to reprimand as Rose interjected.
“Maybe.” She said before putting on a coat to sneak out into the common room and then the halls.
—
Dried flower petals floated around in the lukewarm jasmine scented water as Rose mulled over her plans for the rest of the night once more.
She then stood and dried off, cleaning the tub and putting her clothes back on thereafter, wet hair dangling in her face. She left the prefect bath behind her and began walking towards the Marauder’s dorm, catching a peek of Remus doing his prefect rounds on the way.
When she entered she found James in his bed and Peter’s bed curtain shut, he might have been asleep or might have still been out(he’d venture off on his at times). Sirius’ bed curtain was closed but his wandlight could be seen creeping out, of the cracks. Rose had gently begun to open curtain when he spoke up.
“Moons?” He asked sleepily, as if expecting their friend.
“No, Pads. It’s, Thorns. Moony’s still out.” She whispered back, which led him to open the curtain and put down the book he had in his hands.
“Wanna…come help me in the greenhouses?” She continued while fidgeting with her wand
“At this time, Love?” He asked
“Yeah. Plants need attention at all times, Pads.” She said with a nervous little smile.
“I don’t believe that for one second, but I’ll be ready in a few.” He said while getting up and stretching, his long hair looked more disheveled than usual and his pajama pants fit a bit too big, they might have even originally belonged to Remus or James by the look of them. Whomever had given him those pants, Rose was grateful as they sat low on him, just below his hips.
“No, stay like this.” Rose said in a tone of voice she’d never heard escape her lips before.
And Sirius eyes glittered with something she’d never really seen before.
“As you wish.” He said with a cheeky smile.


Chapter 47
Upon entering the greenhouse Rose lit the incense as usual, the familiar scent calming her nerves.
“There’s no plant that’ll explode if I have a cig in here is there?” Sirius asked, taking a cigarette out of the box and placing it between his lips.
“No, you’re all good. Those are in greenhouse three.” She answered while looking down at her feet. Thinking over how she wanted to bring up the topic on her mind. Meanwhile, Sirius took it upon himself to light the candles Rose had grouped together on a shelf far from any plants the flame may threaten.
He took a long drag from his cigarette as Rose finally looked up at him again, having found a bit of courage.
“Sirius, there’s something I need to discuss with you.”
“And what might that be?” He asked before breathing out the smoke and taking another hit.
“My virginity.” She said bluntly, not allowing the embarrassment to get to her.
Sirius coughed out the smoke and held his hand up as if to say “now hold on a minute”.
“What exactly about that do you want to discuss?” He asked, gaining composure once more
Rose responded by taking the cigarette from his fingers and bringing it to her lips, taking in the smoke to settle the nervousness that was bubbling up again.
“I’ll be honest Sirius, there’s not actually much to discuss really, I just wanted to know if you were comfortable, I know we’ve done a lot, and I know you’ve done a lot but—“ Her over explanation was cut off when Sirius took back his cigarette, putting it out on the table behind him and grabbing her hand.
“I must say you’ve surprised me, Thorns.” He said before bringing her hand to his lips, kissing her knuckles gently.
“I was sure you thought we’d never grow from snogging among your plants.” He continued, dropping her hand to direct her against the table behind them, clearing away some space on it before lifting her up to sit on the edge of the table.
“Not that I’m complaining.” He added, tracing his fingers down her neck, stopping when he reached her collarbone.
Rose placed her hand atop of his, and moved it back up to her neck.
“I liked it there.” She said with the same confidence she’d kissed the man from her dream with.
Sirius breathed out quickly and made a face Rose would not forget anytime soon.
She ran a hand over the tattoo under his ear, then up to his hair, grabbing a handful of it, allowing her hand to remain there. She looked up then, past Sirius, she looked up at the glass ceiling above her, watching the stars dance together in the dark night sky.
Then, she tugged on his hair, and brought her eyes back to his.
“I trust you, Sirius.” She said starring right into his grey eyes. Familiar eyes that had a way of enchanting anyone who looked into them for too long.
Sirius’ response was gently pushing her down to lay on the table, hovering over her thereafter.
“But—“ She began as he took two fistfuls of his shirt in her hands, pulling him down onto the table with her before crawling in his lap and bringing her lips to his ear to speak.
“Like this instead.” She said and he gave her that speechless kind of look again.
“God, Thorns.”
—
The next morning Rose woke cuddled up to Sirius in the marauders’ dorm, memories of giggling through the hallway and kisses at each stop from the greenhouse came to her as she woke.
“You move around a fuck ton in your sleep.” Sirius whispered before bringing her hand to his lips again, placing a soft kiss on it.
“Oh, fuck off.” She whispered back playfully before crawling all the way under the covers to hide from the reality of being awake.
Sirius stretched and removed himself from the bed, shutting the curtain behind him.
He was met by three disapproving faces.
“Morning, lads.” He said with a sleepy half smirk half smile.
“Please tell me that was some other redheaded slytherin you snuck into our dorms last night.” James said with a layer of protectiveness(probably on Lily’s behalf).
“If it makes you feel better, Jamsie we didn’t do anything in here.”
“No, Sirius that doesn’t quite make me feel better, she’s our mate, and Lily’s sister. Kisses on the cheeks are different than—” James tried to argue his point as Sirius cut him off with a sleepy wave of his hand
“Lily Evans’ opinion means almost nothing to me mate, that’s your fantasy.” He said with a yawn
“Not just that, Pads! You know I liked her.” Peter interjected, no one else seemed to care about that though.
“Now’s not really the best time to be discussing that, mate. Just drink your morning fire whisky and wank off about it.” Sirius said as he leaned against one of the beams of his bed.
Just then Rose stuck her head out of the closed bed curtains to look at Sirius.
“That was the worst sentence I’ve ever heard.” She said with distaste
Of course she’d been listening to the conversation play out, she knew two of the three disliked her decision to advance her little thing with Sirius, but Moony was rather quiet.
She looked over at him and upon actually seeing her face he looked disappointed, as if a certain solace had been removed from him.
Rose stuck her head back into the safety of the bed curtains and saw Sirius grab the edge of them before addressing their friends.
“It’s not a big deal, mates.” He said simply before joining her once more.


Chapter 48
As days went on the lads had come to accept the reality that was Rose occasionally spending the night in their dorm, she’d wake cozy and warm next to Sirius instead of cold and lonesome in her own dorm.
It was becoming increasingly clear that Stephone and Odette were no longer only friends. Often, when Rose did sleep in their dorm, she would see Steph crawling back into her own bed in the middle of the night or early morning.
She’d never dare mention it though, it seemed at bad idea to acknowledge it so Rose remained a supportive friend from the sidelines.
On this specific December morning Rose woke in her own bed, and got ready for the day alongside her roommates, spritzing her perfume into the soft fabric of the green scarf around her neck before heading out for the day. Her classes were busy, but she took notes as she should, Steph had been her partner in muggle studies and enjoyed asking what muggle things were actually like as sometimes the class could be inaccurate, greatly overvaluing the importance or certain things while leaving out others all together.
Throughout the day of usual antics between the small group of slytherins she actually spoke to they started to notice whispers and odd looks at the group.
Rose was sure someone had said something about Ode and Stephone and was ready to hex whoever was brave enough to say anything even remotely rude.
No one did though, nothing suspicious had occurred until lunch.
Rose decided to eat with Lily that day, she sat in the spot that was unofficially saved for occasions like this, and started working on her tea. It was made with dried lavender and cinnamon, she added a bit of milk and honey to round out the flavors.
“Everything alright, Lils? You’re rather quiet.” She asked her sister while nudging her gently.
“We didn’t want to be rude, Rose, or nosey…so we thought we might let you bring it up.” Mary said politely. Cautiously.
“Bring what up?” Rose asked and she took a sip from her tea, careful not to burn herself.
“Have you not heard the rumor?” Marlene asked a bit more pointedly, Lily was still quiet beside her.
“What rumor?” Rose asked, feeling anxiety bubble into her chest, afraid of whatever it could be.
“Well….erm…” Mary began, looking a bit uncomfortable next to Dorcas.
“People are saying you shagged Sirius Black in the Herbology greenhouses.” Marlene answered bluntly, Lily looked over at her with an exasperated expression
“Someone had to say it, Love, look at her, she was clueless.” Marlene said in response.
 Rose was clueless, she’d expected to hear something about her friends, or even Lily, not herself, and not that.
“Does that means it’s not true?” Lily finally asked, in the quiet type of way a big sister would tread such a topic.
“No, it doesn’t. Cause it is.” Rose responded while looking down at her tea, she heard Mary sigh from across the table.
“That’s unfortunate…” Dorcas said, mostly to Lily.
Rose’s face had turned a bright shade of pink by now, she tried hard to hide it.
“We’re you saf—“ Lily began to ask but Rose cut her off
“Yes. All that was taken care of.” She sighed before continuing.
“I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want anyone else to know. I know it’s probably the kind of thing we should talk about, but I just didn’t want anyone else to know and now they do.” Rose said quickly
“You don’t think Sirius told people do you?” Lily asked
“That’s exactly what I think.” Mary said crossing her arms over her chest
“Well then I’m going to talk to Sirius.” Rose said leaving no room for further explanation. She stood and shot Lily an apologetic look before leaving the girls and her half full teacup behind.
She’d talk with Lily later.
Rose made her way to the table the marauders sat at, the boys were laughing and joking with one another as usual. She quickly explained that she needed to speak to Sirius in the greenhouses and he came along willingly, the boys shared looks but Rose was not in the mood for a chat about it.
“Mrs. Evans, Mr. Black, where might you be heading off to?” Professor McGonagall questioned as Rose lead the way out of the Great Hall.
She put on a sweet voice and a small smile, like Regulus would have done.
“You’ll have to excuse us, Minnie. It’s really quite urgent, else I wouldn’t be leaving Professor. So if you’ll allow it may we go?” She asked hopefully
“I’ll allow it, but don’t get into any trouble, the both of you.” The teacher agreed suspiciously
“Thank you, Professor.” Rose said with another fake smile before continuing to lead the way down the corridors and then eventually outside, Sirius was falling behind with the speed her anger rising was carrying her at.
“You’ll have to walk faster than that, Sirius.” Rose said with annoyance, turning her head around to speak to him.
He shrunk down into a dog to run by her side, growing to human size again after catching up.
“Oh, that’s just brilliant sometimes I forget you’re a fucking dog.” She mumbled angrily to herself as she reached the greenhouse, grabbing the door handle harshly and stepping inside.
“What is this about, Rosie?” Sirius asked a joking tone in his voice despite her demeanor.
“Have you heard the rumor?” She asked in a dangerously cheerful tone. A false one.
He sighed, cocky expression leaving his face as he reached out for her hand, which she pulled away.
“Have you?” She asked again
“Of course I have.” He answered back
“Who all did you tell?” She asked from her spot across from him.
“No one, Rose.” He said firmly.
“Oh please.” She said before mumbling the fire charm, setting flame to a few of the roses Sirius had planted long before. Pacing in front of them.
“Very mature.” He responded, crossing his arms across his chest
“Mature? You want to know what’s not mature? You telling people about us!” She said while the roses crackled behind her.
“I didn’t!” He argued back once more, bringing a hand up to his face, then running it through his hair
“Look, I know I lie, I’ve lied to every one of you at some point or another, I can admit that. I’m not lying about this, Rose. I wouldn’t tell anyone about that….Not with you anyway.” He said offering the hand to her once more. She took only the pinky into hers.
“Then who did?” She asked, the anger she’d worn to cover her embarrassment falling away.
“Couldn’t one of the lads, they would never.” He said mostly to himself, thinking through the possibilities.
“You don’t think someone saw? Or— god I hope no one heard. What are they going to think about me?” She said, fear lacing her voice like roots.
“Hey, look, Christmas Break is coming up right? No one’s going to care by the time we come back. It’ll be fine.” He tried to sound supportive, but Rose couldn’t think of after Christmas Break, she was thinking of earlier, of Mary’s sigh and her sister’s worried face.
“My sister knows, Sirius.” She said, He’d let ho of her finger to put out the rest of the flaming roses.
“It’ll be alright. Anyone talk shit, and Moony and I will make their lives miserable for l months. Promise.” He said looking back at her with a smile plastered on his statuesque face.
“I’m sorry this happened, Rose.” He continued, before placing a soft kiss to her lips
It all sounded genuine, but Rose could never be sure with him.
—
Later that day, once classes were over, and Rose had finally settled down for the night, she sat atop her bed listening to the water of Black Lake when Ode shared a look with Stephone from across the room.
Then she spoke.
“Have you heard—“ Rose cut her off quickly.
“Yes, I’ve heard about me and Sirius, Thanks.” She said with a sigh
“No, that’s not it, Rose” Stephone said in a tone too serious for her.
“It’s Regulus…”


Chapter 49
“What about him, Steph?” Rose asked, sitting up in her bed.
“He’s a Death Eater now, officially. Got the mark and everything.” She said quietly.
Rose sat in silence for a moment, she’d expected this after all.
She then laid back on her bed and grabbed the textbook next to her.
“Are you going to tell Sirius?” Stephone asked
“No, I’m sure he’ll know by tomorrow.” Rose said rather flatly.
“What about Regulus? Are you going to see him?” Ode asked
“No. I’m not going to see him either. I’m going to study and go to bed.” She said climbing under her covers before opening the textbook. Stephone and Ode shared a look, but the silence in the room remained.
—
The next morning Rose found herself unable to leave bed for breakfast, it was a weekend so she didn’t particularly have to, but her roommates would probably be out for the day, taking a trip to Hogsmeade, practicing quidditch, generally having a nice time.
Rose did not wake with the heart for a nice time.
“Are you sure you’re not coming, Evans?” Stephone asked, she’d stayed as soft as she had been the night before, no sarcastic comments or complaints, just concern.
“I’m sure. I’d just like to stay here for a bit, I’m sure I’ll see the lads, but I’m just not up for breakfast or shopping right now.” She explained before pulling the covers back over herself, she heard a couple quiet goodbyes and the sound of the door closing behind them before she fell back asleep, curled up in the green silken sheets.
In truth, she knew Regulus becoming a Death Eater would change things, but something she hadn’t really thought about until last night was how Sirius would react.
Now that she had thought about it, she wasn’t sure she could bring herself to see Sirius so upset, she couldn’t understand how to really help. It left a disconsolate feeling deep in her chest for the brothers.
—
Rose didn’t see the moment he found out, the emotional explosion she was sure had occurred, she didn’t see the immediate aftermath, but Rose was awakened by a loud knocking on her dorm door in the middle of the day.
Sleepy as she was, from all the work that came with exams, she got up and answered the door, and Sirius stood there looking at her. 
“Where are the lads?” Is all she could think to ask, before rubbing her eyes and stifling a yawn.
“Probably not far. None of them wanted me to come here.” He said, long curly hair a mess, half covering his face.
“I didn’t want to see you if I’m honest.” She said sleepily
“Some friend you are.” He responded in a biting tone.
“I didn’t want fo see you hurt, Sirius.” She said walking away from the door, taking a seat on her bed and nodding for him to follow.
He did just that, shutting the door behind him and sitting next to her.
“So you know?” He asked in a dreadful tone, nothing like the cocky voice she’d come to care for so much.
“I knew last night. Tried to sleep it away, but it’s still true I see.” She said looking down at her feet dangling off the side of the bed.
“Yeah. Still true.” He said rather sharply.
“He’s a little prick, Rose. Always was.” He said after that, notably less sharp.
Rose made a quick fist, looking down at the “R” tattooed on her finger.
“I stayed as long as I could. I use to stay with him when our parents would fight, I tried to stop them every time they hurt him, I stayed as long as I could.” He said, voice riddled with guilt.
Perhaps he’d used up all his anger with the boys, perhaps that’s when he yelled and screamed and threatened to duel his sibling, perhaps that’s when everything Rose has expected happened.
“He’s my brother, Rose. He’s who I ran around with sticks in the garden with, he’s who I taught about pirates and dragons, and he’s a Death Eater now.” Sirius said as he laid back on her bed, the chain around his neck fell back and Rose got a better look at the tattoo that sat lowly on his neck.
It was the Leo constellation.
“Leo” was written in the middle in very small lettering, and each star point was marked with a dot and a letter. One, however, was marked by a simple snake.
Rose recognized that as were Regulus’ star should be.
“I’ve chosen Regulus so many times. I had to make a choice for myself, Rose. So why do I feel like I’m the one who’s done this? Like I burned the dark mark into his arm myself?” He asked looking over to her, she laid there next to him.
“It’s not your fault. If anyone’s to blame it’s Regulus, your parents, and his awful friends. Snape was the first of them to join I believe, and the oldest, I hate to say it, but Lily’s old friend probably had a large hand to play in it all, Sirius.” Rose said, placing a hand gently on his cheek, she wanted to comfort them both, she wanted Regulus to know his brother cared, but now it would be even harder to see him.
The thought pulled at her stomach and made her eyes burn the way they do when tears are there under the surface, but refuse to show themselves.
“He did. Didn’t he….” Sirius said aloud, not particularly to Rose, just aloud. His voice sounded less hopelessly than before, in fact it sounded rather venom-filled.
“I think you’ve given me a much needed realization, Thorns.” He said while stretching out on her bed, his hand brushed against something then, and he pulled a little black journal from under her pillow.
“What’s this?” He mumbled to himself as he opened to some of the latest entries.
“Sirius, no. Not right now!” She practically yelled as she went to grab for the book out of his hands, he moved over as to keep it in reach, reading from it to himself before he made the correlation.
“You’ve written about us in here!” He said, his usual carefree vibe suddenly back to him.
“Please give that back! It’s not for you to know!” She said while reaching for the journal again
He continued to read off the same page.
“That sounds exactly like something I’m supposed to know, you’re talking about me in this dirty little book!” He teased but allowed her to grab the journal out of his hands.
“It wasn’t always dirty. It only got that way….recently.” She said looking away from him, the situation had shifted so quickly.
“Well” he started, laying out all the way on the bed and pulling her up to lay beside him, one of her hands was placed gently on his chest as she sat the book down with the other.
“If you’re roommates are going to stay out, I’ll stay here if that’s okay with you, Thornsie.” He said before planting a kiss on her forehead.
“Do you think you’ll be alright?” She asked, looking up at him.
“I’ll be fine.” He said with a nod.
A smirk formed on his lips then, and he held her closer to him.
“You might even have to make some new additions to your little book later.”
Rose gave him a look of warning and he smiled.
She couldn’t help but smile back at him.


Chapter 50
The next morning at breakfast Sirius told the group he’d talked to Regulus, he wouldn’t give any details, but he didn’t seem incredibly unhappy so it must not have gone that badly. Rose knew there was nothing they could really do to get him to spill the information, not morally anyway.
That’s when Rose made the decision to have a much needed conversation with her own sibling during their free period, luckily it was at the same time so they would work on homework together sometimes, today they would just chat and have a cup of tea.
She mentioned the idea to Lils at lunch and she seemed all for it, Rose knew they would both be up late working on schoolwork, but that was alright. She really needed the quality time with her sister.
—
They’d laid out a blanket by Black Lake, an area Rose enjoyed, a bit away from everyone with a droopy willow tree nearby.
It looked gloomy outside, but luckily it hadn’t rained, the wind was also calm for this time of year, the grey sky above them matched the mellow mood of the meeting, Lily sipped at her tea while Rose moved her wand in the air, sprouting some lilies next to her sister.
“James does that too.” Lily said as she blew gently at her cup, the steam from the Earl Grey was sharp scented, but pleasant.
“Does he? He has let up quite a bit, I think he’s finally realized he’ll have to mature a little more if he ever wants your affection.” Rose said with a small laugh
“He’s at least earned less hatred from me.” Lily said leaning over on her sister’s shoulder.
“Oh you never hated him, You might fool everyone else with that, but you don’t talk about someone you dislike that much.” Rose said with a playful roll of the eyes
“And plus, even if you did hate him, it takes a lot of care to even be upset with someone in the first place, I’ll never tell him, but I’ll always know you care.” She finished, thinking back to times she’d seen the two interact, more often than not Lily would pull Rose away on the train, and James would send a loving glance at her sister. Lily use to scowl and pull Rose away quicker, but now she would send a wave his way, and maybe even the smallest smile. Once, Rose even heard Lily call him James, not an evil toerag, just James, and she could have sworn she saw some rosiness come to Lily’s cheeks that night her and Sirius had left the two together, Rose had never seen her sister blush about any boy, let alone James Fleamont Potter.
James had odd middle name if you really thought about it.
“Sometimes, I wonder, does he really like me or is liking me is all he knows, but it’s the little things he’ll do, those tell me he really does like me. I prefer those over the big gestures.” Lily said smiling to herself
“Ooh? Like what?” Rose asked, happy to see her sister so— happy. And of course she was glad for James as well.
“I don’t know…A note will be left behind places sometimes, I’ll know it’s from him. It won’t say anything dramatic just “have a nice study” or something like that. He also keeps me well updated on you, how you’re doing and such, he’s a bit worried about your recent pursuits…”  Lily trailed off as Rose sighed.
“Sorry! I’m just saying I would be horrified to find a little half you half Sirius Black demon running around. Please be careful with him, he’s not exactly got a great reputation. I mean you know Mary use to…well, that doesn’t really matter but, please be careful. It’s unpleasant enough to know it’s happening, it’s worse when I’ve seen it before.” She warned, giving her sister a quick side hug there at the end.
“And— if I may be so nosey, wasn’t that his brother who was you know…in your room on Christmas?” Lily asked releasing her from the hug.
“Yeah, but that wasn’t the same thing at all. I miss Reg.” Rose said as she looked down at her hand.
“This, it’s not for Rose. It’s for Regulus. He has one too, that one is for Rose.” She said showing her sister the hand that had her tattooed finger, and a few rings, all his, all had been left for her throughout the time since they had last seen one another.
“Oh honey, do you fancy him?” Lily asked, sadness in her voice, everyone knew about Regulus and the other Death Eaters now.
“I’m not sure I fancy anyone.” Rose responded, straightening her face to hide any reaction she might have had if she allowed it.
“When are you going to stop telling yourself that?” Lily asked, their almost identical green eyes met.
“I don’t know, when are you?” Rose asked in response before slipping into her snake form to curl up in her sister’s lap, she yawned then sat her small head down to sleep as the lightest wind blew through the willow tree.


Chapter 51
Christmas Eve 1976
Rose sat on her bed with Lily, Christmas lights shined from the window as they giggled with one another.
“I’m incredibly irresponsible, Lils” Rose admitted to her sister before giggling once more.
“So much in fact….I’ve invited the lads over.”
Lily took a moment for that information to really set in before asking,
“So, James is coming, then?”
“Of course, even Remus is coming.” Rose said, the full moon had been a few days back so it all worked just fine.
“We’ll have to leave soon, I’d hate for Petunia to spoil it all like she usually does.” Rose complained.
“She doesn’t spoil everything.” Lily tried taking up for their sister. In truth Petunia did spoil most things, Rose would excitedly talk about school or her friends and Petunia would always find a problem with it, she’d do the same to Lily as well, just sucking the excitement out of things, a real downer.
“Just about. We’ll have to make sure the boys are careful, I want Sirius to stay over when the rest go. It’ll never work if she notices them before we even sneak out.” Rose said in a  hopeful kind of tone.
“No way. Not if I’m still awake, I’ll scare him off myself. Absolutely no Sirius spending the night.” Lily said in a motherly tone.
“Oh come on, Lils. Can you imagine if sis saw him here? He’s much better looking than her man, but even so she’d find something wrong with him. “His hair’s too perfect, his tattoos are so distasteful-“ his tattoos aren’t distasteful they’re bloody hot, gosh he’s so bloody hot Lils.” Rose said as she hugged tightly at the pillow next to her.
“Disgusting.” Lily joked while giving her sister a shove.
Rose laughed and released her pillow as they waited for word from the marauders, word eventually came via James(so brilliantly) knocking at the door in the middle of the might on Christmas Eve.
Lily practically ran down the stairs, opening the door quickly, she and Rose already had their coats on so they didn’t waste any time.
Rose shut the door behind her and made her way over to Sirius and Peter, Lily stood next to Remus, seeing a rather large bag he had with him.
“What’s that for?” She asked about the bag that made a clinking sound as they walked.
“A good many of these.” Remus said lifting out a spray paint can.
“Remus John Lupin I am not going to graffiti with you! And James! What have you made me part of?!” Lily said looking over at James dramatically
“Listen, Lils, there’s some things I’ll change for you, but running a muck is just what we do. Isn’t that right, Moony?” James asked, looking back at Rose for backup
“Don’t bring me into this, Jamie.” Remus as Rose looked over Sirius’ shoulder into the bag of spray cans.
“I take it the green one’s mine right, Moons?” She asked, he’d usually pick out a color for each of them, James always got red.
“Of course. Green for our little snake.” He said, shooting her mischievous smirk, though it landed on Sirius.
Sirius gave him a look in response and placed a protective arm over Rose’s shoulder, she just rolled her eyes, she knew it wasn’t really about her, just Remus trying to get at Padfoot.
“Where are we going to commit these crimes anyway?” Lily asked James who had purposely began walking a little slower to remain next to her.
“Remember that old aquarium? I figured we could show the others around since they missed it last time, Moony just had the idea to add some— art to the place. Plus, we know you’re a rather skilled painter.” James said giving her a smile
“This is…not my usual equipment…but I think I can make it work.” Lily said a bit shyly.
Odd for her.
Some time passed on their walk, it was cold and by the time they reached the abandoned building they all had pink noses and red cheeks from the cold.
The building looked the same as it had, a mixture of old metal, wood, and cement, with plant life crawling up every corner, nature taking back the structure.
“We adding anything to the outside?” Peter asked, grabbing for a pink topped spray can.
“Anywhere you’d like, keep it relatively tasteful, there is a lady.” Remus said while sending Lily a smile.
“Here, Lils, feel free to barrow from anyone.” He added while placing a white spray can in her hands.
“I’ll add the stems if you want Lily, I know I’d like to have a few flowers on the— wait just a singular lady, Moons?” She asked turning around to look at Remus, who’d just taken the cap off of his can as she began shaking hers.
“I only see one. Lily’s quite lovely.” He said with a charming smile, if James wasn’t so understandable, and sure of himself he’d probably be jealous. Moony had this ability to make people swoon, even if you knew he was only joking.
“Oh you cunt.” Rose said spraying her paint in his general direction.
“No lady would call me that, face it, Thorns, you’re one of the lads, for better or for worse.” He responded as he walked up next to her, looking at the wall in front of them.
“I think I’m gonna add a dick on it.” Rose said plainly, Despite his earlier statement to keep it tasteful Remus exhaled a laugh.
“Classic, really, but you’ve proved my point that you’re no lady.” He said as he began to add his own silly little editions to the wall.
He had a joyful demeanor throughout the night, but he did look up at the moon often.
He always did, it never stopped following him.
“Let’s head inside shall we?” Rose suggested to the group after they’d added a good bit to the outside, giggles and chatter dying down as they finished.
As she said she would, Rose had added thorns and stems to the flowers Lily had painted. Even with spray paint everything Lily made looked beautiful, and Rose was happy to just add the little touches her sister’s flowers needed to be complete.
The area Lily had painted on the “underwater
forest” tanks in the corridors was especially pretty to look at, even before Rose added the little details.
“Shall I lead the way?” James asked as he lifted his paint can.
“You always seem to, Prongs.” Sirius said as he  unexpectedly jumped up in James’ arms, it was all for jokes, but James could actually hold him pretty well, though Sirius knocked his glasses off in the process.
Lily picked them up gently, by the time James had put Sirius down she was holding them out for him.
“Here, be careful, yeah? I might just keep them next time.” She said as he took them from her, by the lovesick look on his face, if he’d been wearing them they’d probably been all foggy anyway.
“Yeah. Next time.” Was all the poor boy could say.
“Come on, Prongs!” Sirius said as he pulled James ahead, reminding him that he was meant to be leading the way. Peter laughed alongside Rose as they all followed behind.
Throughout the night they must have painted something in every room, Lily borrowed from everyone to paint flowers of each color, also adding a few curse words along the way. At one point, James looked ever so in love as Lily looked back at him with a paint over thumbs up after so eloquently adding the word “cunt” to the wall before them.
They’d all broken up into different groups as the night went on, echos of laughter continued throughout the abandoned aquarium for most of the night.
Near the end, before it was time to start heading home, Rose found herself in a familiar room, one at the end of a hall, with a giant cracked glass tank, and greenery growing all over the floor and walls.
Moonlight seeped out of the hole in the ceiling, shining down onto the one wall in the room that wasn’t completely covered in plant life.
This one had a large black circle painted onto it, inside were the initials S.O.B in big letters. The paint dripped halfway down the wall.
The sound of boots on the grass came out of the shadows first, then a voice.
“How are you coping with your old friend being a death eater?”
Sirius could always be rather quiet, until he wanted to be seen, or heard.
He just usually wanted to be seen.
“I don’t know…how are you coping with your little brother being a death eater?” Rose asked genuinely, Sirius walked closer.
He’d been in an odd mood that night, not talking to Moony as much as he usually did, and he wandered off on his own more often than usual, all while being especially rambunctious with James and Peter.
He didn’t respond to her question, only looking at her in the light, so she proposed a different statement.
“You know, you lot have seemed to replace pranks with parties lately, it’s nice to be back at it.” Rose said as she shook her spray can making a rattling sound.
“Well, you actually come to the parties.” He said, standing before her.
“Just to run away to my plants.” Rose said with a small smile, reaching out through the moonbeams to grab his hand. Her own laden with rings, the small silver one Regulus had gifted her, another she’d seen him wear that was silver with a small moth on it, a wire one with a small green stone she’d made with Peter, and lastingly yet another from Regulus, this one was larger, more ornate with a black stone set in the middle. Sirius took a long look at them as her hands reached out for his.
“Plus, I like seeing James strike out with Lily less and less, dare I say my sister may be starting to fancy him. We should keep up the pranks.” Rose continued, looking up to meet Sirius’ eyes.
Yet another moment of silence passed and Rose’s gaze turned to question him, but his voice finally cracked the silence.
“Did you really think I wouldn’t recognize those?” He asked holding one of her hands in between his.
“I—“
“Have you ever stopped seeing him, Thorns? Ever? Anytime I asked that for his own good you stopped seeing him? Did you ever actually leave my brother alone?” He asked, removing his hand from hers in order to get a hold of her face, making her look up at him.
“No. I haven’t.” She said firmly, placing her own hand on him where his was on her, squeezing his cheeks together ever so slightly. 
“And you’ll do absolutely nothing about it.” She said, a certain look in her eyes he was unable to process. He didn’t argue with her though, it would come at some point, she knew, but for now he simply sighed before speaking again.
“We should join the others. We’ll all be leaving soon.” He said letting go of her face, she did the same to him, running her hand over the Rose tattooed on his arm before dropping her hand to her side.
“Lead the way, Pads.” She said before walking up to the wall and adding a final detail to what he’d spray painted on it.
Much like he’d done to the Marauders Map, she didn’t add her own initials, she’d sprayed a vine of thorns twisting throughout his.
He stood there and watched her, black hair and chiseled features glowing in the greenish-blue hues from the moonlight. His hair was up and his arms hung loosely at his sides. His jaw was clenched tightly.
“Oh, and Merry Christmas, Love.” She added as SHE lead the way out of the room.
Perhaps he wouldn’t be staying the night with her after all.


Chapter 52
Much to Lily’s delight, Sirius did not spend the night.
In fact, Rose spent the rest of that night up talking with Lily, and the days after were spent at home, lazing about and hanging out with family.
When Regulus’ birthday came around Rose found herself thinking of him all day, she’d tried to read to ignore it, but the book she’d picked was too bleak. So, she ran a bath, but that seemed to remind her of him too. She eventually sat down to write, and while he’d only planned to send an owl to James and Sirius, she instead started one to the younger Black brother.
Dear, Regulus
She began.
Dear, Regulus 
Reg,
Hi. Happy Birthday!
She stopped.
Dear, Regulus 
Reg,
Hi. Happy Birthday!
She wouldn’t be able to send it to him anyway. 
She went back to her usual letters, asking what the boys had planned for New Years, mentioning she was excited to go back to school, complaining about Petunia.
Rose felt a certain guilt when she complained about her sister, she couldn’t help that she was not a witch like Rose and Lily, but she could help the way she responded to it.
Their mother took extra care to insure Petunia was happy, she had friends over often, friends Rose was not allowed to talk to, she was also the reason Rose and Lily couldn’t have their own magical friends over. Petunia swore she was frightened of them.
Lily was closer to Petunia, got along with her better, while Rose took Petunia’s insults and issues to heart Lily seemed to filter them through a “she’s only jealous” mindset that Rose didn’t have the patience to create.
Petunia was a adversary, and Rose responded by becoming invisible to her.
—
December 28th 1976
“Hey Lils!” Rose called from her room, she heard Lily yell back a response so she continued her own statement before plopping down on her bed, dropping a bag of small fireworks and sparklers beside it.
“I got the stuff for New Years Eve!” She yelled to her sister in the room beside her.
“Alright! Thanks!” Lily yelled back once more in response.
She stretched out comfortably on her bed, and closed her eyes, it wasn’t too terribly late, but Rose already felt a bit sleepy.
Not long into her rest she could have sworn she heard a voice call out for her.
She tried to ignore it and get some sleep, but the voice continued, then someone shook her awake.
“Merlin, Rose, I didn’t want it to come to that.” 
Said the annoyed sounding voice of Regulus Black.
She quickly got up after that.
“What on earth are you doing here?” She asked in a hushed tone.
“Well, seeing as you haven’t taken me on any outrageous little quests recently, I thought I might take you on one, and you remember how I got here last time so there’s no need in me explaining that again.” He said while standing straight, hands behind his back. He was dressed nicely, the way Rose had expected him to look back home with his…noble family.
“You should get dressed rather quickly.” He explained
“Where are we going?” Rose asked as she began to do just that, looking through her closet for something warm.
“A ballet in York. I’ll turn around.” He said nonchalantly as he did just that, allowing her to slip something on and process the information.
“You’ll do the teleport thingy then?” She asked 
“Yes, the…teleport thingy.” He answered, turning back to look at her.
“Let me brush my teeth, quickly explain to Lily, and lock my room door, then I should be ready to go.” She said as she slipped out the door to do just that.
—
It was dark and cold, but the city was still noisy. It had to have rained earlier in the day because there were small puddles littered along the cobblestone of the streets. Rose’s shoes made a pleasant tapping sound as they walked together, Regulus had always walked rather fast. Rose would stop and look at things along the way, she’d take bits of ivy off old walls, for prolongation later, she’d look for spiders on frozen webs, and she’d always manage to get distracted by lights as they passed them.
“Didn’t expect you to go into Muggle cities often.” She said, finally catching up to him.
“I don’t go often.” He said looking over at her, her nose was pink from the cold and her hair had grown longer, she rarely cut it anymore these days, save for the bangs.
They both wore longer black coats, his held a familiar scent to it, something Sirius had once, but no longer smelled like.
“Is this like a date?” She asked, watching him as shadows from trees and the light of streetlights reflected onto him.
“I never called it that.” He said, but a small smirk tugged at his lips, he tried to suppress it, but it kept coming back to his face.
“What are we going to see?” She asked
“Antigone.”
“Tragic.”
“Seems fitting, no?” He asked, rhetorically.
“I suppose…so uh…does that mean everything I’ve heard is true?” She asked, glancing over at his left arm. Not that she could see the mark, it was hidden under layers of fabric.
“It does. Is everything I’ve heard about you true as well?” He asked, rolling his shoulders back a bit as they made their way to the theatre.
Rose nodded, Regulus sighed, and all she wanted to do was hold his hand.
“Sirius and I…we’re not together or anything though.” She clarified, before quickly asking a question.
“Is now a bad time to say Happy Birthday?” She asked, he looked down at her again.
“Considering the Sirius thing, yes, an awful time, but thank you.” He said and put his hands in his pockets as they came to the entrance of the theatre.
Once everything was handled they made their way to their seats, the lights were still on so Rose continued conversation, though quieter.
“Can I see it?” She asked
“See what?” He asked back, not in the way you ask something you don’t know, but in the way you ask something you wish you didn’t know.
“The mark.” She said, as non-judgmentally as possible.
Regulus starred back at her for a moment, then he nodded, and lifted his sleeve enough to show the dark mark on his left arm.
Upon actually seeing it Rose’s eyes filled with, what Regulus perceived as fear, but was really sorrow. Perhaps even grief.
She ran a hand over the snake, rubbed her thumb across the skull, and as her eyes began to burn with that feeling you get before you cry she leaned down, and placed a gentle kiss on it.
It seemed she’d kissed away her own tears, as they never fell.
Meanwhile a surprised gasp came from Regulus at the contact. Then, the lights shut off, signifying the beginning the performance they were there to see.
Regulus brought the mark closer to his face in the darkness, really looking it over before pulling his sleeves back down.
“Why does it smell like jasmine?” He asked in a whisper.
“Oh…it’s my toothpaste, something Lily thought I would like.” She said, looking him in the eyes for a few moments before focusing her attention on the music playing and the dancers that had appeared on the stage.
They all looked beautiful, like greek statues come to life, and so did he. There, the lights reflected back in his almost colorless eyes and made them appear like two little fires set aflame. A few light freckles were sprinkled across his face, and his cheeks were pink like they always were when he was there with her.
“When we get back to school, I’d like for you to come practice dueling with me.” She whispered.
“Dueling?” He asked, not taking his eyes off the show, his face shifting in confusion.
“Yeah, if you’re going to be a Death Eater you’ll at least need to be a good one. If there’s gonna be a war or something, I’ll want to see you when it’s all finished.” She said, nervously twisting her rings around her fingers.
“If you insist.” He said, and they were quite for the remainder of the performance.
 After the show they walked up and down the cold streets, Rose would run under streetlights and point at their shadows, she even convinced him for a short dance, so she could watch the shadows dance, of course. No other reason.
Most of the shops had closed, but Rose didn’t mind, laughing through the darkness with him was all she really wanted.
Then, a sharp, pained noise escaped the boy next to her, and he grabbed at his arm while walking away from her.
“Reggie, what’s wrong?” She asked, placing a hand protectively on his back as she followed after him.
“It just burns.”
“What does that mean?” She asked
“It means I have to go. I’ll take you home, but I have to go.” He responded, she nodded.
“Okay.” She said, and he wrapped an arm around her.
Not a moment later she was home, and he was gone.
Rose changed into some clothes meant for bed, and unlocked her bedroom door, Lily must have heard the door open as she stuck her head out of her own room.
“They didn’t even notice you were gone. Have fun?” Lily asked with a smile on her nosey face.
“Yeah. I did.” She said, before grabbing the door to close it.
“Night.” She continued before actually closing the door. Standing there for a moment before laying in bed. The cold wind from the window caused her to miss the familiar warmth of Sirius next to her.
Or, Regulus, perhaps. 


Chapter 53
Rose didn’t have to miss Sirius for long, because on her first night back at Hogwarts after Christmas break she ended up somewhere she probably shouldn’t have.
Sleeping soundly next to Sirius in the Marauders’ dorm room.
“Rose” Sirius’ voice was soft, and deep with sleepiness.
“Mmhm?” She’d answered, as she nuzzled into him, warm under the covers.
“Rose, I need you to wake up, okay? I need to talk to you.” He whispered, she made another sleepy noise, but her eyes fluttered open to meet his.
“There you are.” He said, with a smile forming, he brushed some stray hairs out of her face, before speaking even quieter.
“You’re the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen.”
“You don’t mean that.” She said, but the smile was already there on her face, she’d tried to hide it, but it was there.
“I really do.” He said, and she hugged him as tightly as she could, smile pressing against his bare chest.
“Hey, I still need to talk to you.” He said, practically prying her from him, she sat back and nodded, letting him know she was listening.
He ran his hands through her hair, then held her cheek before he started to speak, Rose leaned her head over slightly to kiss his hand, it seemed to relax him, he’d obviously had quite a few things on his mind recently.
“Rose, I need to know that you’re gonna to stick around through….a lot of really fucked up shit.” He said, looking deep into her eyes for a moment, Rose had the feeling he was going to do something awful, and yet—
“Of course.”  She said, and she meant it.
And he kissed her, deeply for a moment, before she pulled away to ask something that had been on her mind.
“I swear, I saw you chatting with Severus on the train, are you sure you’re feeling alright, Siri?”
“Perfectly fine, Love.” He said, placing little kisses along her cheek, making her smile.
“Okay.” She said, finally able to hug him again.
—
She returned to her own dorm right before the sun came up, and when she did she was met by Ode and Stephone, who were already awake and getting ready.
“Godric, Rose, what happened to you?” Stephone asked, Rose looked back at her with confusion.
“You want us to help you cover those up?” Odette added, pointing towards Rose’s neck.
Oh
“Is is really that bad?” She asked as she took a peek at herself in the nearest mirror.
“Oh it is.” Rose said as she looked at the plethora of small bruises along her neck and collarbone. Results of earlier that night with Sirius, much before their talk.
“Yeah, come here.” Stephone said in a annoyed, and almost mothering tone. She then brought out her wand and whispered a charm to help conceal the marks before giving Rose a disapproving look.
“Thanks.” Rose said gratefully as she began to prepare for the day.   
—
Days in preparation for a full moon were always different.
The boys were usually preoccupied, but this time was different all on it’s own.
Rose felt on edge all day, an uncertainty was creeping through her every time Sirius smiled at her from across the table or in the halls.  When classes were over for the day, and it turned dark out she could barely sit still.
The boys and Moony were already gone, through their passage to the shrieking shack, the old dilapidated building were Remus spent his transformations, his lads at his side, in their animagus forms.
They still didn’t allow Rose to join, no matter how many times she’d asked over the year.
She’d tried to sneak out there with them once, she transformed before they left and curled around James’ wand in his pocket, her plan was blown when he reached for his wand. James screamed like a little kid when he felt the scaly creature that was Rose in his pocket, he lifted his wand out and she tried to make an innocent little face, hissing quietly.
It didn’t work, James sat her down and told her to go back to the castle, and she did.
She’d considered working in the greenhouses to ease her mind, but you could hear Remus’ howls from there. Her stomach turned and as the darkness deepened outside. Unable to shake this sense of doom, she practically ran to the Marauders’ dorm, searching hastily for the map as he tried to ignore the moonlight shining through the window, mocking her now as it mocked Remus always.
She found the map and grabbed for her wand, tapping it to the blank parchment. 
“I solemnly swear, I am up to no good.” She said, and it opened, displaying the whole of the Hogwarts grounds, even the surrounding areas she had added herself.
She checked for the boys, past the angry looking willow tree in a shabbily drawn shack, and there they were, James Potter, Peter Pettigrew, Sirius Black, and Remus Lupin.
They were not alone.
Another name continued making it’s way closer and closer to the boys, crossing the yard, making it’s way to the whomping willow. 
Severus Snape.
“Mischief managed.” She said quickly, stuffing the map in her pocket before grabbing the invisibility cloak from it’s usual place and running out of the room under it.
She ran through the empty corridors, the sound of rain on the roof echoed throughout the castle like ghosts, the reflection of water on the walls was haunting. She ran out of the castle, ran until she heard howling, through the passage under the willow and down to the shack where she finally saw Severus standing there.
“What are you doing here?!” She asked, pulling him to a far corner of the entrance, knowing Moony was in one of those rooms, and the other marauders would be close by, perhaps even outside.
“Black told m—“ He began but Rose cut him off, afraid of what he might say if he finished.
“Oh never mind that, let’s just go.” She said, throwing the cloak over the two of them.
That’s when she heard it, the snarling of a starving animal that had just seen something weak enough for it to take down.
She’d quickly looked around the room when they entered, but not behind them.
Why hadn’t she checked behind them?
She felt a sensation that was usually a bit ticklish, but not frightening, something behind her that felt like an animal sniffing them.
She closed eyes tightly, and clung to Severus next to her, damp hair sticking to her face, raindrops from their clothes making small dots on the floor below them. She’s never known he smoked until then, but being that close, she smelled the familiar scent of smoke all over him.
She tried to suppress her breathing and shaking as the snarling continued.
Then the sound of what appeared to be hooves clomping loudly from another room got the attention of the werewolf.
Thank you, James Potter.
The large creature, that Rose had to remember was really her dear friend, made it’s way across the room. Rose covered Severus’ mouth before taking the map out of her pocket and shoving it to his chest.
“Take this, and the cloak and run.” She commanded in the lowest whisper she could manage.
“What about you?” He asked just as quietly.
“Just go. Run. I’ll meet you in the castle later.” She said as she pushed him towards the exit, he left safely.
Rose breathed out a sigh before transforming into her snake form, plopping to the ground, and slithering towards the noises she could hear, a dogs angry bark, and the shuffling of stag hooves.
He did this.


Chapter 54
It was a long night after that, Rose spent most of it curled around James’ antlers next to Peter.
She supposed there was a small silver lining to the whole thing, she was finally there to support Remus, but that alone couldn’t make this situation silver.
It seemed the exact moment the moon fell from the sky, and the sun began rising, the yelling started.
Sirius yelled at James, waving his arms around and pacing, long curls flying about as he did so, and James wasn’t much different, Rose had never seen James so angry. You could tell Peter was angry too, and Remus, but Peter stayed out of their yelling match. He was crouched next to Moony, who’d slumped down to the ground, leaning against the side of the shack. By now they’d exited the small structure and stood outside, despite the chill in the air and the wet ground. Remus was bloody and half naked, head leaning against the wood behind him, exhausted.
“That was absotuly not alright, mate!”
James argued.
“You could bave gotten someone killed! Imagine what would have happened to
Moony!”
He continued.
“The prat called Lily a mudblood! He’s the reason Regulus is a fucking Death Eater!” Sirius shot back, as she stood next to Peter and Remus, Rose wondered how long he would push that he was right, what would have to happen for  him to fold.
“Sirius, mate, your brother is the reason your brother is a Death Eater. Nobody else.”
That’s when Sirius jumped at him, James shoved him, but Sirius came right back.
Poor Remus sighed, and shifted painfully, and Rose’s own anger had finally reached the point of no return, she walked over and separated the two of them quickly, pushing them apart and holding out her arms to keep them separated.
“Sirius.” She said calmly. He went utterly silent.
She pointed at him, words couldn’t express the feelings going through her mind, but she said what she thought.
“YOU— you better have some fucking amazing apologies on the way, mate.” She said as bitterly as she had ever said anything to him.
“And you!” She continued, pointed over to James.
“Thanks.” She said, breathing out a little sigh, remembering the fear from under the invisibly cloak.
“Hey, uh, we really need to get Moons to the hospital wing.” Peter peeped up, Rose turned around quickly to look at him, her face must have still looked pissed because he flinched a bit.
“You’re right, I’m sorry Moons.” She said, sending another glare in Sirius’ direction.
He did this.
—
On the way to the castle Rose caught a glimpse of Severus in the yard, leaned against a pillar with a cigarette between his lips. The green grass under his feet was glistening from the rain the night before, it was so quiet you could hear the trees from the forest moving in the wind.
“I’ll catch up with you later, I need to finish something real quick.” She said, before making her way quickly over to Severus.
“Hey.” She said, unsure of how exactly to interact with him.
“Hello.” He said, taking a long drag from his cigarette.
“Can I have a hit?” She asked, and he handed it to her, something about sharing a traumatic experience made you more apt to sit out in the rainy cold with someone you don’t particularly like and share a smoke.
“Thanks for what you did.” He said, and Rose nodded.
She had no intention to explain the rest of the night to him, she was there to make sure he was alright, and get their things back.
He seemed to notice, handing her the cloak, which had the map tucked inside it.
“I’ve not been so afraid since the day I realized I’d lost Lily.” He said, looking out into the foggy garden before them, old statues and the broken gargoyle breaking through the fog.
Rose tightened her grip on the items in her arms.
“You didn’t lose Lily, Severus. You threw your friendship away. You did that.” She said, hearing James’ own words about Regulus play over in her mind.
“I’ve saved your life, I don’t plan on doing it again so stay out of trouble, and don’t you dare speak a word about this to anyone.” She said, handing him back the cigarette.
He scoffed, before speaking himself.
“See you around.” He said, not even looking back at her.
“Not likely.” She responded, and made her way to the castle.
—
She sat there with Peter as Remus slept in his hospital bed, Madam Pomfrey would come tend to him intermittently, Rose asked Peter where exactly Sirius and James were, he’d said that they went back to their dorm, Rose hardly expected they would both be there now.
Part of her wanted to go to head to bed, to light a few candles and ignore the rest of the world as she slept as the daylight seeped into her room from the watery window, but she couldn’t. She quietly said goodbye to Peter, and conjured up a single red rose to place on Remus’ bedside table before venturing off to find James or Sirius.
As she explored the corridors, searching abandoned classrooms and other places they may have gone, she felt a tug on her robe from behind. It appeared one of them had found her.
Sirius.
He had a black eye, he brought a ringed hand up to it but he laughed, a pained laugh, full of regret.
“Sirius!” Rose said, still angry, but also concerned, she grabbed one of his hands.
“Just wait till James and I have to explain this to uh-“ he cleared his throat, before continuing.
“Mum” he said, looking down at his feet.
“Mrs. Potter?” Rose asked for clarification
“Yeah. Mrs. Potter.” He answered, looking back up at her.
“We really have to talk, Sirius.” 
“I know.” He said, opening a nearby door, and stepping into a rather large storage room, dust and cobwebs practically covered the entire space.
“This should do?” He asked
“Yeah.” She agreed, taking a deep breath thereafter.
“Tell me, Sirius, why did you try to kill Severus?” She asked bluntly
“I didnt—“ He started, but was promptly cut off.
“Tell me. Why did you try to kill Severus? I promised you I’d fucking stick around, but I need to know why.” She said, voice filled with poison.
Sirius sighed, admitting a bit of defeat, and leaned against the dusty wall.
“I realized it when we were talking, I didn’t want to accept that Regulus was the one at fault for his new profession. I blamed everyone, but my brother. Even you. I thought about my parents, it had to be their fault right? There’s nothing I can do to them though. My next thought was me. Me running away and finding a new brother, new parents. That hurt. What was I suppose to do to me? I wanted someone to suffer for it. When you mentioned Severus, I couldn’t think of anyone better. I didn’t want him to die, but I wanted him to think he was going to die.” He said, anxiously making a fist then releasing it over and over with one of his hands.
“It worked then. I know I felt like I was going to die.” She said, thinking over how in some fucked up way this all happened because she tried to comfort him. It was like some cruel joke from the universe.
“I’m so sorry, Rose.” He said, desperately reaching out for her, but she backed away.
“I will be there for you. If you don’t want to stay in your dorm, you can come stay in mine, if you need someone to talk to I’ll be there, but don’t touch me. Not right now. I understand this was for your brother, I really do Sirius, but we’re all going to need some time.” She directed. He looked defeated there in front of her.
“You should be focused on your apology to Moony. I don’t know how you’ll get him to trust you again.” She said, in the same cold tone she’d had all morning.
He’d trust him again. 


Chapter 55
That night, Sirius did stay with Rose in her dorm, but it did not go the way he probably expected it to.
He sat next to Rose while she studied, Stephone and Ode both glared at him from across the room, Rose hadn’t told them exactly what happened, but if she was mad at him, they were mad at him.
“What’s you two’s problem, hmm?” He finally asked the girls glaring at him.
“I don’t think we have to answer that. You’re basically in time out right now.” Stephone quipped from across the room.
“I am not in time out.”
“Sirius?” Rose said, asking for his attention.
“Yes?”
“Be quiet.” She said, as her attention went back to her book.
He crossed his arms over his chest and sent his own glare over at the blonde girl cuddled up next to Odette.
“I’m not in time out.” He mumbled, Stephone laid next to Ode, hands behind her head and a smile on her face at his predicament.
Every so often he’d try to get Rose’s attention again, he’d place his hand on her thigh just for it to be swatted away, he’d sit his head on her shoulder to look at what she was reading, she’d push him back off her again.
“I’m gonna head back to the lads room.” He said sounding a bit unsure but standing.
“Okay. I dare you. Go sleep in your bed next to Prongs and Remus. I’m sure he’s been heavily updated on the situation by now. Perhaps you’ll get another black eye to match, and we won’t be healing that one either.” She said, looking over at him with a little smile.
He sat back down.
She continued studying for a while, before finally closing the book and looking at him.
“I know you’ve avoided our friends all day, and your time to talk to them will come, but I’m going to talk to Moony, find something to do that isn’t awful, okay?  I’ll be back in time to go bed. Shouldn’t be long.” She said as she stood next to him and grabbed a muggle lighter and bar of chocolate out of her bedside drawer, stuffing it in her pocket before and putting on her scarf.
Sirius got comfortable on her bed, looking around at her things, all very her. Fiddling with a few crystals and lighting some incense.
Rose shut the door behind her, after giving a quick wave to her roommates, glad they would babysit her convict while she was away working out his mess.
She stood there in front of the door for a moment, ear against it, listening as Sirius’ voice peeped up the moment she was gone.
“Hey uh- I know she didn’t say what I did, but I really messed up, and I know you don’t particularly know me, or like me for that matter, but I need help fixing it and I can’t ask for her help this time.” He said, in a mellow voice.
“And what exactly do you need help with?” Odette asked, suspiciously.
“Either of you know anything about how to make a wolfsbane potion?” He asked, and Rose removed her ear from the door.
It would be hard to pretend she hadn’t heard that.
She made her way to the marauders’ dorm, letting them know she was gonna keep Sirius out of their hair for the night, she asked James, who did not have a black eye, but had a small bruise on his cheek(which Lily fixed with a quick spell the next day) where Remus might be.
“Astrology tower, beware he’s in pretty fowl mood.” James said, twirling his wand between his fingers.
“Figured as much. I’m prepared.” She said raising the little transparent green lighter out of her pocket, Remus enjoyed muggle lighters, it was a peace offering of sorts.
“Alright, see ya, Thorns.” He said with a nod as she exited and made her way to the tower.
—
“I come bearing gifts.” She said pulling the lighter and chocolate out of her pocket, seeing Moony sitting on the stone steps, knees pulled to his chest.
“If this is an apology I think you’ve got it wrong, you didn’t do anything.” He said, fiddling with the stone underneath him.
“Yeah, well I’ve got the one that did in time out so I had to do something for you.” She said, taking a seat next to him.
“That’s not what I meant either, Thorns.” He said, folding his arms over his knees and setting his chin on them.
“What did you mean then?” She asked, offering up the chocolate, which was pushed away.
“I could tell it was you. Under the cloak, I could smell you. I remember it.” He began, voice thick with emotion.
“Deep down there’s some part of me that could feel you there. Deep down there’s this part of me that stays me, and he thought, that smells an awful lot like Thorns, but the other part of me didn’t care, he still wanted to rip you to shreds.”
Rose sat the chocolate down gently next to them, the foil wrapping made the smallest noise, but Remus could hear it perfectly clear.
“I see.” She said, eyes focused on the chocolate bar.
“You know, you’ve smelled about the same since we were kids. Like dirt, and smoke, and flower stems. You can add perfume, but it stays the same really. I’ve been smelling that almost everyday since I was 12 and I still wanted to rip you apart.”
He said, clutching his knees tightly.
And finally, the tears that had been right under the surface for the longest time, flooded out as Rose moved to cling tightly to him.
And he cried too. He was silent about it, though.
“I’m a fucking monster, Thorns.”
“You’re not a monster, Moons. You’re just a boy.” She said, hugging him tighter than she’d ever hugged anyone, ragged sobs coming out of her mouth and echoing throughout the astronomy tower.
After the rest of their talk, which was mostly Rose catching her breath and apologizing profusely, she eventually returned to her dorm to find Sirius chatting with Ode and Stephone, less like enemies, and more like a little group working on a project. Which, if Rose heard them correctly before leaving, it’s what they were. Upon seeing her puffy eyes and red face Sirius’ attention was immediately shifted back to Rose.
She sat on the edge of the bed, unable to really look at him, but she didn’t protest when he pulled her to his chest.
“I wanna go to bed.” She said, tired.
“Okay. We can go to bed.” He said, moving over to the very edge of the mattress, allowing Rose to get comfy before moving anywhere close to her.
Steph and Ode shared a knowing look, and soon everybody was asleep. 


Chapter 56
When Rose was young her bed was small and the sheets had little white roses on them.
It had been their father’s idea to name the three Evans girls after flowers, he even had each one tattooed on him.
He looked more like Petunia, she was the oldest, and his favorite. Petunia took it the hardest when he left, or when whatever may have happened to him, happened.
She’d always blamed it on Lily and Rose.
Blamed it on their magic. On unfortunate coincidences.
—
Rose dreamed of her old bed often after the incident in the shrieking shack, she dreamed she was cowered under it, hiding from a snarling creature, the suffocating sounds of a thousand hissing snakes tried to drive her out from her safety, but they didn’t frighten her, she could understand them.
“Rose.” A human sounding voice called out from the room she hid in.
“Rose.” Her father’s voice called again, but the creature kept snarling.
Then, she’d shake herself awake, go have a cup of tea in the kitchens, or go sit with her plants in the greenhouses.
Currently, weeks and weeks had passed since it happened, the boys had all practically forgiven Sirius, not because they really forgave him, but because time had passed, and he at least tried to think up a solution.
James took the longest to come back around to Sirius, he gave him the silent treatment for what felt like weeks, but was really only days. Time just seemed to go by differently without James’ voice.
When Sirius had first considered making bottle after bottle of wolfsbane potion(potion that allowed a werewolf to retain their human mind while transformed) for Remus he hadn’t really considered how hard it would be, how expensive the ingredients were, and how long the whole process would take. Of course, the money really wasn’t the issue, the potion itself was. He quickly learned he wouldn’t be secretly making it and presenting to Remus as an apology. No, everyone was going to be involved in order for it to work.
And eventually, it did. He tried it the week before one of the last moons of the school year, and it worked. Rose joined them for that moon, but even after it worked, the dreams had done their damage, keeping her from returning with them again for the moment.
The group had always managed to do whatever crazy task they set their minds too, from changing all the portraits on the walls to have their faces, to making a map of the whole school and everybody in it, and now supplying their friend with wolfsbane potion.
During the time it took to figure it all out, back in their dorm, a single rose withered in a cup next on Remus’ bedside table. It was the one Rose had left for him the morning after the incident. He kept that rose till all the petals had fallen away, and it was dried up, merely a dark green stem with a bulb at the top.
Eventually, he through it out.
—
Rose spent the rest of the school year studying, helping with the creation of the potion, and occasionally checking the map for where Regulus was. Sometimes she could consider bumping into him on “accident”, but each time she couldn’t do it.
As for Peter, they all knew he had a thing for divination, but the later in the year it got, the more it seemed like he was getting rather obsessed with it.
At least, that’s what Rose blamed on the weirdest interaction she had with him in school up to this point.
—
 June 30th 1977 
Rose was working in the greenhouses, preparing to leave the plants for the summer, when the door creaked open, she turned and  looked behind her with a smile, sending a little wave to Peter as she pulled a weed up out of a large pot.
“Hi, Pete.” She said, attention going back to her task at hand.
“Whatcha need?” She asked, taking her extra wand out of her pocket and tying up her hair with it.
She could hear him awkwardly shuffle a bit before finally standing still.
“I need to tell you something.” He said.
Rose placed the weed she’d pulled up into a small bucket at her feet and wiped the dirt off her hands onto her skirt.
“Okay.” She said, turning around to face him.
He seemed to struggle with the words at first, but eventually he said it.
“It was me, I started the rumor about you and Sirius at the start of the year.” He said, biting at the inside of his cheek.
Rose leaned back a bit, legs hitting the table behind her.
“Sirius was so sure it couldn’t have been one of you.” She said, the hurt obvious in her voice.
“Why would you do that?” She asked
“Oh, you know why.” He responded, looking away from her.
“Well that’s not fair.” She said. The hurt still there.
“I was in here, napping in one of the plants, I heard you talking, I swear I left before I saw anything. I thought you saw ME at first, but then you never mentioned it. I just I didn’t want you to be with him, I thought if you realized what people might think, I thought you would stop. He doesn’t really care about you Rose.” He explained.
“Yes, he does. He could.” Rose argued, firm in her belief of it.
“No, he doesn’t.” Peter said again.
“How do you know?” She asked, and he responded with a dull tone Rose hadn’t heard from the boy before.
“I notice everything, Rose.”
At first, she just looked at him then, she took in a sharp.
“I’m not gonna tell Sirius. You can tell him if you want, but I’m not going to do it. Let the lads know I’m going sit with Lily on the way home today. Don’t expect a lot of owls from me over the summer, Peter.” She said as she looked at the door, signaling for him to go.
“Alright, Rose.” He said, before leaving as he was silently directed.
She got back to work. 


Chapter 57
When Rose entered their home for the summer, she dropped off her bags, and made her way to the kitchen to share a pot of lilac tea with Lily. Thereafter, she parted with her sister to unpack, and begin her letters as usual, spritzing a bit of her perfume onto the parchment before writing.
In her room, pages of letters still hung on the walls, though they had collected a bit of dust in her absence. A copy of The Secret Garden sat on her bedside table along with a small glass bowl that contained an unpolished rose quartz(from Peter), a few loose coins, and other miscellaneous items.
All as it had been left from her previous visit.
This summer Petunia and Rose’s mum had planned out a trip, they would be away about a week, right before Rose’s birthday.
She felt awfully guilty when she didn’t want to go, but her mum did not appear surprised, or disappointed for that matter. She knew her daughter.
If Rose wanted to stay, she could, on the condition she could also convince Lily to stay with her.
At first Lily said no, which was very understandable. Then, Rose tried to sweeten the deal, explaining how different home would be without Petunia, and that they could finally have her friends for school over.
That helped, but she actually agreed to stay after Rose presented her with a final offering, inviting over James and Sirius for the week.
July 6th 1977
“Admit you fancy him, and I’ll stay.” Lily said, arms crossed over her chest and a pointed look at her sister.
“Admit you fancy him.” Rose sassed back, crossing her own arms in return.
“Like I would ever admit to such a vile thing.”
Then, they sat there looking at one another, arms crossed stubbornly, and eventually Rose spoke.
“I might actually fancy Sirius a little bit.”
“That’s good enough for me.” Lily said as she got up, and entered her room, planning to write a very sweet letter from their mother to James’ inviting the boys over for a brief holiday.
—
July 24th 1977
The first thing Sirius pointed out on the evening of their arrival was how many flowers there were, Rose was so use to their mother coming home with flowers and filling the nearest vase she hardly noticed them anymore.
He seemed to like them, and she liked that.
That first night they all spent together in th living room. Rose and James had taken the cushions off the couches and put them on the floor, covering them with plenty of pillows and blankets. Meanwhile Sirius and Lily attempted to make dinner, Lily was actually surprised when Sirius seemed rather good at it, much better than Lily or Rose would be.
Sirius had also brought some records along for the week, and they played as the two of them cooked.
They played all through the night.
Once dinner was over everyone settled in, Rose cuddled up to Sirius, and Lily moved to the very edge of the makeshift mattress. Poor James slept in a chair, though he spent half the night sleepily singing along to whatever record was on.
Rose would catch Lily looking over at him, but her attention was completely taken when a certain song played.
A song both familiar and illusive to her, like an old hazy memory.
Before you say I do now
The record sung.
Make sure he’s in love with you now
James hummed along as Sirius held Rose close.
My mama told me
“You better shop around” She whispered to herself, burying her face in Sirius’ shirt.


Chapter 58
July 26th 1977
It was still dark in Rose’s room, early morning, when Rose crawled back into bed, sent there by Lily and James to wake Sirius.
“Good morning” She chirped, looking down at him.
“Morning.” He said, voice still deep from sleep, hands moving up to touch her but being pushed away by Rose.
“We’re all gonna go on a walk, those two are already up and ready so we’re just waiting on you, Pads.” She said, twirling a bit of his hair around her finger.
“Did Prongs sleep on the floor-couch again?” He asked, getting a smile from her, which caused him smile in return. A wonderful smile.
“Of course he did.” Rose said as she hopped off the bed, and made her way to door.
“I’ll be out in five minutes. Trust me.” He said, she looked back at him before joining the others.
—
On their walk Rose and Lily showed the boys around some, even leading Sirius to a quick hiding spot where he could transform into his dog self. He spent the rest of their outing padding along the old half cobblestone half cement streets as a big black dog with pointy ears and shaggy hair.
At one point he ran off, not an uncommon occurrence for Padfoot, but in this instance he returned to the group to present Rose with a single red tulip, origins of which none of them ever asked him.
—
July 28th 1977
Lily and James had finally decided to go out into town alone together. Rose took it as an opportunity and had a bath with both the window and door open. Allowing sunlight to shine down and bring a pink hue to her skin.
“Sirius!” She called down to in the kitchen, once she heard him respond she shifted a bit nervously in the water.
“Could you bring me a cup of tea?” She asked, loud enough for him to hear, and he was quickly there with it.
She attempted to hide a bit, bringing her knees to her chest and smiling innocently up at him.
“There you are.” He said. sitting the cup next to her gently, turning to leave before speaking again.
“It’s nothing I’ve not seen before, Thorns.” He said before giving a wave and making his way out of the room.
“Thanks” Rose practically squeaked out, hands covering her blushing face as he whistled along to the record playing down the stairs.
—
July 29th 1977
It was the evening, and they had all been drinking, and Rose had an urge to write an angry owl to Peter so she made her way up to her room to do just that. By the time she had a good paragraph written she heard someone flop down onto her bed behind her, she turned quickly and was greeted by James’ smiling face, a bottle still in his hand.
“Thorns. Thorns I have to tell you something.” He said, patting the space next to him, instructing for her to sit.
She did so.
“Yeah, James?” She asked, and his smile widened.
“I kissed Lilyflower this morning, Thorns.”
Rose freaking squealed.
She flopped around on the bed and tapped on his chest excitedly.
“James! Ah! That’s! Oh my god!” She practically squealed again.
“I think she fucking fancies me, mate!” He said just as excitedly(if not more), taking another sip from his bottle.
“She smells like honey and wild strawberries, like the ones you pick when you’re a kid, I use to think they were poison, but I actually think they’re fine— whatever forget about them she smells so good, Thorns.” He continued before Rose bounced around excitedly once more.
That’s when Lily and Sirius popped their heads in the door, one stacked atop of the other.
“Hey, lads.” Sirius began.
“Whatcha up to in here?” Lily continued for him.
James and Rose shared a look before bursting into drunken laughter.
They each hopped up after that, and Rose gave James a quick fist bump as they followed Lily and Sirius back downstairs.
—
July 30th 1977
The sun had set hours ago, but Rose and Sirius still laid beside one another in the garden, talking and looking up at the sky.
It had been a usual thing over the week for Sirius to glare up at the moon during the night, and this last night was no different.
“I need to be honest about something, Thorns.” Sirius started, Rose nodded for him to continue.
“I haven’t really lied, but I haven’t told you the truth either, and that in itself is kind of lying.”He continued, She propped up on her elbows to stare down at him.
“Go on.” She said.
“You— you should be aware, I have another, well I have another situation like ours. I have for quite a while.” He said, starring up past the stars.
“Oh.” She said, she’d expected he saw other people, but not one other person, not consecutively.
“Well, I’ve never been with anyone else, but I kind of want to try, I think.” She continued, meeting his eyes.
“Would you care if I did that?” She finally asked.
“With who?” He answered her question with his own.
“You’ve kept yours to yourself, so I’ll keep mine for the future.” She replied, laying back down beside him.
“It doesn’t really sound like I have a choice, but sure. We’ll keep it that way for now.” He said, standing and rather unexpectedly picking her up in the process.
“Sirius, put me down!” She said tapping desperately on his chest.
“Nope. It’s getting cold, and I have to leave in the morning, we are going to bed.” He said as he made his way to the door.
“And you may want to stop all that yelling, your neighbors will hear, and what will they think of me?” He asked, smirk playing on his lips as they entered the home.


Chapter 59
September 1st 1977 
The Hogwarts Express
“Potter, sit down.” Lily whispered yelled back at James(who to be fair, was standing up in his seat) from a few rows ahead, he smiled widely as she huffed and faced the front once more, carrying on conversation with her friend Mary.
“Lily is paying attention to you, James.” Rose said excitedly as he flopped down next to her.
“That she is, mate.” He responded triumphantly, giving her a playful shove.
“So you’re telling me she ACTUALLY fancies you, Prongs?” Peter asked for what must have been the third time since they boarded the Hogwarts Express.
“Yes, mate, she actually fancies me. Hard to believe it took so long, honestly.” James responded, leaning back into his seat.
“Yeah…hard to believe.” Peter said in response as the last passengers entered the train, Regulus Black among them, his mates already seated near the front of the train.
Rose tried not to look at him, tried to hide her hands that were adorned with silver rings that were mostly his, but she failed at both of those things.
The boy walked by, eyes as cold as ever, face as hard and unforgiving as ever, but he wore a black silk shirt beneath his robes and his hair was pulled back neatly. He’d grown over the summer.
I have another situation like ours. I have for quite a while.
He must have felt her looking, because he glanced over at them and in that moment the Black family scowl was replaced by the Black family smirk, and his eyes met with— not Rose’s, but his brother’s.
It was a split second interaction, but Sirius bristled at it.
Regulus continued on his way, before stopping suddenly.
He lifted a hand and made a face like he was contemplating his next action. That’s when he turned around, and walked over to their group.
“Evans?” He asked, addressing her directly, much to the horror and confusion of each of the Marauders.
“What?” She said carefully, his own friends were looking back at him.
“Forgive me, but as I passed I felt the need to ask, when your group of lions here are gone, what will you do?” He inquired, tilting his head slightly as he did so.
Rose was rather blind sighted by the question, so Remus responded for her.
“Fuck. Off.” He said.
Regulus lifted his hands in mock surrender.
“I was only curious.” He spoke, glancing down at Rose’s hands. Eyes lingering there.
“Apologies.” He added before making his way to his lads.
“I don’t trust your other brother for one second, man.” James said.
“I’m not sure I do either, Prongs.” Sirius responded, he looked utterly uncomfortable.
Meanwhile Peter was looking over at Rose for any type of reaction, he didn’t find any.
She did nothing.
I have another situation like ours. I have for quite a while.
—
September 2nd 1977
Now, Rose took a seat next to Regulus in the only class they shared with none of his companions, Care of Magical Creatures. Rose didn’t particularly care for it, but Regulus did and they had coordinated to have it at the same time.
“What was that about yesterday, Black?” She whispered to him.
“I wanted to speak to you, my friends were listening, yours were listening, what was I meant to say?”
“What would you have wanted to say?” She asked, voice low.
He thought for a moment before responding.
“Tu me manques” he said quietly, and in French.
“What does that mean?” She asked, watching the professor as she did so.
“You see, that’s the thing about me knowing a second language that you don’t, I don’t have to tell you what that means.” He whispered back, making that face he often made when he tried to stop himself from smiling.
“Please.” She pleaded, politely.
“Tu me manques.” He responded
“Reg.” She said, a tiny bit louder.
“Tu me manques.” He repeated, matching her volume despite a few students turning their heads towards them.
“Fine, even if you won’t tell me, there’s still something I need to tell you. You think you could meet me in the greenhouses during free period?” She asked, directing her attention back to the front of the class.
“Of course I can.” He responded, doing the same.
—
“Okay. You stand here.” She directed, shutting the door of the greenhouse behind her.
“Regulus, it’s extremely important you don’t tell anyone what I’m about to show you. I just figured that you’ll know eventually so I should get it out of the way.” She said.
“If you’ve hidden a body in here I’m not surprised.”
“No! It’s nothing like that just— erm let me show you.” She said, stepping aside before shrinking down to her little orange snake form, thinking that was the best method of explanation.
“Oh.” Was all he said, looking down at her.
Rose hissed loudly, as if to challenge his “oh”.
He chuckled at that, and picked her up, bringing her to his eye level.
“You’re very portable this way. I could just put you in my pocket and you’d be trapped in there.”
She hissed again, and tried to bit his thumb.
“Yeah, you’re going in my pocket.”
Another hiss.
“What? You’ve just showed me the best way to keep you around.”
She bit his thumb.
“Sorry! It seems very convenient for me!” He argued, a childish smile washing over his face. 
 At that, she gave in, curling around his hand and looking up at him expectedly.
“Okay. We’ve reached an agreement.” He said, taking a seat against the glass window, bringing Rose’s eyes up to his again so he could speak to her.
“We’ll stay here for the rest of the free period, you’ll change back, and from now on when you wanna see me I’ll just come pick you like this.” He said, chuckling a bit, finding the whole thing rather amusing really.
Rose hissed in response, sticking her forked tongue out at him.
“You see now I don’t know what YOU are saying.” 


Chapter 60
Rose’s days started the same way, breakfast with the Marauders. She’d sit in between James a Sirius(a little closer to Sirius), and sometimes Lily would join them. Rose especially loved those mornings.
Lily and James were Head Boy and Head Girl this year, despite that the pranks still occurred.
Each day in between classes Rose would find herself on the lookout for some practical joke, and more often than not Lily would find herself in a similar situation. Keeping watch while the boys did one thing or another. After only being back a few days they had already filled an entire classrooms with frogs(which Lily later collected and set free). Yes, running around the castle with the boys was exhilarating, but Rose often found herself looking forward to something else entirely, one of her last classes of the day, after Transfiguration.
Care of Magical Creatures.
“Reg?” She whispered to the boy sitting to her left.
“Yes, Rose?” He whispered back, not taking his eyes off his notes, a curl falling into his face.
“You know what I think you would be if you were an animagus?” She asked.
“What might I be, Love?”
Rose couldn’t speak for a moment, she knew it was just a greeting, but hearing it from him— well it felt different.
“Rose? What would I be?” He whispered again.
“Oh. Right. A uh, like a little cat, the black and white ones with the little tuxedo coats, you’d be a real menace I think.”
He didn’t look up, his eyes remained on the notes he was taking, but he smiled to himself.
“You are a menace already.” He mumbled, she shoved him slightly.
“Take that back, I’m a wonder.” She whispered at him.
“And I’m trying to learn about magical creatures right now. Meet me in your greenhouse later?” He asked, glancing over at her for a brief moment.
“I’ll be there already so yeah, sure.” She said, turning her attention to her class work once more, a small smile on her face.
—
Moonlight shined through the greenhouse, incense smoke snaked through the air, and small water droplets glistened upon the ferns that lined the wall. Rose held a small mister in her hands, giving each plant a bit of attention as she heard a knock at the door.
“Come in.” She called out, sitting the glass mister gently on one of the work tables.
She half expected it was Professor Sprout checking in on her when the scent of cannabis wafted in as the door opened. She turned around and saw, not the quirky professor she was so fond of, but Regulus(who she’d been expecting). He’d ditched his robes for an untucked white shirt, his sleeves were rolled up so a bit of his dark mark showed, and if you looked very closely at his stomach as he moved you could see the little black “R” she’d tattooed on him. It wasn’t the usual look he had in the slightest.
Somewhat puffy, red eyes looked back at her.
“Sorry it took so long, I got caught up with Barty.” He said with a small laugh, shutting the door behind him and fiddling with the ferns she’d just watered.
“I see.” She said, she’d never expected Regulus to drink or do anything else of the sort, perhaps that was a silly idea to have of him.
“So, you still take care of these bastards?” He asked, touching each flower or herb as he walked by it, he walked with an air of curiosity.
“I wouldn’t call the plants bastards, but yeah I take care of them.” Rose responded with a little chuckle, meanwhile he’d moved on from messing with the plants to playing with the smoke coming from the incense burner, slapping his hand through it and following it thoughout the greenhouse.
 Eventually he bent down, looking at something on the stone floor.
She leaned down next to him, curious as to what took his attention, she found a small beetle. He sat down next to it.
He whispered a charm of some sort and a small puddle appeared next to the seemingly dying insect, he looked up at her.
“Sugar water for the little guy.” He said, crouched over by a small green beetle with a shiny shell, and a broken leg. Taking care of the small injured creature he’d noticed.
This is a Death Eater. 
Regulus stood then, and looked directly at Rose.
“Would you- would you like to come to my dorm?” He asked.
So many uncertainties passed through her mind when he asked that question that she almost forgot to answer.
“Yeah. Of course.” She eventually said, and he looked at her with a goofy smile.
“You’re going to travel in my pocket.”
“Oh my— fine.” She answered.
—
Upon entering his dorm room Regulus sat the little orange snake on his bed gently and addressed it.
“As you can see, my roommates are gone for the moment, but they’ll come back so you’ll have to be rather quiet.” He explained.
A small hiss.
“So here’s the general idea of what I would like to do, um, can you I don’t know, nod or hiss or something to let me know how you feel about it?” He asked
Another hiss.
“Okay, as I was saying, they are gone now, but they will come back so I figured you can turn back to normal soon. I’ll close the bed curtains and when my roommates come back you’ll turn into a snake again and we’ll get you out of here- how does that sound?” He asked, sounding very unsure, a pink hue coming to his cheeks.
She changed back before answering.
“And what exactly are we going to do?” She asked, leaning back comfortably on his bed.
He joined her on the bed, but sat at the very edge, closing the curtains.
“Do you remember when I slept over at yours when Sirius— Well, I was hoping maybe you could stay here for some of the night, just like that again. Nothing else.” He explained nervously.
“Are you asking if I want to cuddle with you?” She asked.
“Yes, that’s essentially what I was trying to ask.” He admitted.
“I’m going to say no for now, but hear me out.” She began, sitting up straight again.
“I’m assuming you smoked not long before you came to see me, so not tonight. Tomorrow though, come get me, and we can do that, maybe during free period, alright?” She continued.
“Yeah, that’s alright.” He said, smiling.
“But, for tonight I can curl up as a snake, and sleep on one of your pillows if you want, I mean I’ll still be here.” She said, rather jokingly.
“Would you really do that?” He asked, in an almost innocent tone, a sweet look on his face.
“Yeah. I can do that.” She said, before doing just that.


Chapter 61
Rose awoke early that morning, sneaking out of the dorm and leaving a sleeping Regulus behind.
She avoided going to her own dorm, opting instead to pay a short visit to the library before joining Lily and the Marauders for breakfast.
“I came by to see you last night.” Sirius said the moment she sat down, nudging her playfully.
“Did you?” She asked, grabbing a teacup in front of her and shaking some cinnamon into it.
“Yeah, You weren’t there. Odette sent me out to the greenhouses, but still no you.” He continued, a confused look on his face that sent a feeling of guilt through Rose.
“Sorry, I must have been busy.” She said, placing the teacup back down, Lily spoke up after that.
“She was with for a while last night, you probably just came by at the wrong time.” She said, giving her sister a small smile.
“Must have.” Sirius said, before continuing his own breakfast.
James sent a glance at Lily, but didn’t say anything.
—
At lunch Rose sat next to Lily once more, but for dinner she was nowhere to be seen, and while the marauders wouldn’t have noticed, neither was Regulus.
—
“It’s nice having free period right before dinner.”
Rose said, snuggly cuddled up with Reg(who had long ago abandoned the book he was attempting to read), her head resting gently on his chest. All they’d done since she arrived was lay there together and yet she could hear his heart beating erratically.
“It is.” He said rather timidly.
The room was dark, the scent of fire from nearby candles filled the space, and a record played softly from the other side of the room, classical music came together with waves splashing against the window and created a lullaby of sorts.
“May I take your hair down?” She asked, one hand already playing with the curls that had come loose.
 He hummed a response, eyes closed.
She pulled gently at his hair, first unbraiding a bit that connected to the back, then removing the black silken ribbon that kept his hair tied behind his head, it feel just below his chin, dark curls scented like black tea and mint from a garden.
“I didn’t expect you to drink or smoke or, do anything like that really.” She said, running her hands through his hair, he opened his eyes then, light grey irises flickered up at her filled with wistfulness.
“The more time you spend with me you’ll find I do rather often.” He said plainly.
“Reg…”
“Regulus” he responded, sterner.
He did not want pity from her.
“Regulus.” She corrected, placing a hand on his stomach.
“May I look at your tattoo?” She asked, fingers clutching his shirt waiting for a response.
He nodded, and she untucked the fabric, displaying the little black “R” she’d tattooed onto his abdomen.
“Would you mind if I rested my head here?” She asked, a flustered look replaced the stoney expression that shown on his features
“No, I wouldn’t mind. That’s— sure.” He said, voice cracking and pitch heightening ever so slightly.
Rose giggled and laid her head gently near the spot, he squirmed a little at the contact and she quickly covered the exposed skin with his shirt again, face warm and pink from embarrassment.
“Sorry, Reggie.” She said, squeezing her eyes shut, but holding him tightly.
—
When Rose exited the dorm and entered the Slytherin common room she was greeted by the familiar crackles of fire and brilliant hues of a dark emerald green that filled it. Some chatter bounced around the space, but it was relatively quiet.
It took only a moment for Rose to notice someone who didn’t belong there.
James Potter sitting in a jewel toned chair, legs propped up dapperly, the Marauders Map and a wand laying haphazardly across his lap.
His eyes met hers from beneath his glasses, his face had not changed, it remained self-assured.
“I have so many questions.” He said, a small shake to his head.
Rose froze there for a moment, and watched the steps dance across the map in his lap.
“Can we uh…talk it over some butterbeers? Bottle of fire whiskey maybe?” She asked apprehensively, James stood, grabbing the map and wand as he did so.
“Sure, Rosie. Follow me.” 


Chapter 62
The lights were dim in The Three Broomsticks, glasses clinked together all around the room, conversations brewed throughout the establishment. 
Rose sat directly in front of James, their booth in a far corner of the room. 
“You’re lucky, Sirius is always too distracted to figure this stuff out on his own.” James said, sounding like a disappointed parent.
“Look it’s not as bad as you think. We haven’t even done anything.” Rose explained 
“It’s not really about that, Rose. It’s about who he is.” 
“Who is he James? He’s not Sirius’ brother anymore, and to be frank he’s nothing like Sirius.”
James removed his glasses, placing them on the table, before running a hand over his face and sighing. 
He was definitely in an odd position, being loyal to both his friends in this situation would be a task.
Rose had slumped down into her seat, holding a nearly empty butterbeer in her hands, James reached over and took the glass from her, placing it on the table. 
“I didn’t want you to start seeing Sirius in the first place. I knew it was a bad idea the first time you peeked your head out from his bed curtains.” He said, another sigh escaping his lips as he ran a hand through his hair. 
“I won’t tell him, but I’m not going to help you keep it from him. If he finds out some other way that’s on you.” He continued. 
He put his glasses back on and got up, extending a hand to help Rose out of her seat. 
“Thank you, and I’m..I was thinking about going to see him tonight.” Rose admitted, James groaned agitatedly.
“Rose.” He reprimanded. 
“I want to see him.” 
“I can’t believe I’m letting this happen.” He said before leading the way to the passage they came from. 
—
The moment James and Rose entered the boys’ dorm they heard a muffled “Fuck you, mate” and saw Sirius tumble out of Moony’s bed, landing disheveled on the wood floor. He glanced up at the two who entered, a few curls had fallen in his face and he wore his usual smug smile. The necklaces and chains he wore hung loosely around his neck. 
“Well hello, Prongs, Thorns.” He said, nodding to each of them as they got closer, then standing. 
“Just a little disagreement with Moons.” He continued, which prompted another “fuck off” from Moony from within his closed bed curtains. 
“How may I be of service?” Sirius asked, straightening his hair and tugging at his collar a bit. 
“I was just hoping to see you, you know since I was so hard to find yesterday.” She said, glancing over him, tattoos shining through the light fabric of his shirt, his chest was beginning to fill with them. 
“And I want no part of that.” James added before flopping down on his bed, bringing a pillow to his face.
“We should be going then.” Sirius said before calling out over his shoulder as the two made their way to the exit of the room.
“Night, Moony.” 
Remus and James both groaned in response, Peter was rather quiet throughout the interaction.
—
Rose whispered, hands pressed firmly against Sirius’ chest, both their leather jackets were thrown to the bottom of the bed, but no other articles of clothing had been removed, save for their ties.
“All my roommates are here.” She said in a hushed tone. 
“So I’ll stay and be very quiet.” He whispered in response, shuffling under the covers, that sly grin he always had on his face present.
“Just to sleep.” She informed, placing her head gently on his chest, listening out for his heartbeat while running a hand over the rose tattooed on his arm, already drowsy from sleepiness. 
“Do you remember, back in like fourth year, I had you smell that amortentia? Any chance you remember what it smelled like?” She asked, tracing up and down his tattoos.
“I do actually.” He spoke, after taking a moment to think.
“At first I smelled leather, and old books, then something sweet, followed by something warm, like cinnamon and honey.” A smile came to his face then.
“And, broom polish, from Prongs.” He added.
“It will change over time right? Or do you think the potion knows what we’ll always want?” She asked, he just pulled her closer to him.
“So curious. You should have been a Ravenclaw.” He said, burying his face in her hair, ready for bed.
“Wait.” She said, lifting his head up and grabbing her discarded green tie from the bedside table, then placing it tenderly around his collar, making a dissatisfied face as she did so.
“It doesn’t suit you at all.” She said.
“Well, I could have told you that, twat.” He said, removing the tie from his neck and placing it rather roughly back on the bedside table, taking his place next to her once more.
“Siri?” She asked for his attention, he mumbled  a response and she shook her head.
“Never mind.” She said, paying close attention to his heartbeat once more.
“Goodnight, Pads.” She whispered.
“G’night, Thornsie.” 


Chapter 63
“I’ve reconsidered it.” Sirius said, tightening the green tie around his neck.
“I think the green does suit me, that looks awful on you though.” He continued, straightening his Gryffindor tie around her collar.
“Very funny, Sirius.” Rose mumbled, sitting her head on his shoulder.
“How long do you think it will take for them to notice?” She asked, fiddling with the end of the tie he was wearing.
“Moony will notice right away, James might take a moment, Peter won’t mention it until the others do, and as for the professors we’ll just have to wait and see.” He said with an impish grin, leaning down to plant a kiss on her shoulder.
“I see you found her this time.” Stephone spoke while brushing through her hair in front of a nearby mirror.
“That I did.” He said, placing another kiss tenderly on her neck.
“But, I have to go, the lads have something planned early today.” He explained, adding his rings back on and reaching around Rose to grab his jacket.
“You lot already planning something big?” She asked.
“Not today, but trust me it’s in the works.” He answered.
“Will I be a part of this grand prank?”
“Most definitely, and I’ll see you later, yeah?” He asked as he stood, making his way to the door.
“Yeah.” Rose agreed, practically beaming at him as he gave a quick little heart with his hands(paired with a wink), and exited the dorm.
Stephone immediately had something to say.
“In case you got confused that one was Sirius.”
Even their fourth roommate, who never really spoke snickered at the statement.
“I should have never told you lot about Regulus.” She grumbled, grabbing for her perfume to continue getting ready for the day.
—
Rose was in Transfiguration before any professor noticed her Gryffindor tie.
“Ms. Evans, it seems I’ve gained a new member to my house.” Professor McGonagall mused, her long black robes shrouded her as she stood by the door while students exited the classroom.
Rose stepped to the side.
“Where have you gotten that from?” The professor asked, looking down at the red and gold tie.
“Oh, Professor, I’m sure you’ve noticed an extra Slytherin running around, long hair, a bit boisterous, but incredibly handsome. I wonder if Professor Slughorn has noticed?” Rose inquired politely, an innocent smile upon her face.
Minerva let out a sigh, the classroom empty now behind her.
“Go on.” She said, pointing towards the door.
“And tell this new Slytherin student he’d best switch back with you, as this is very much against the dress code.”
“Will do, Professor. Black will have his tie back by the end of the day.” Rose concluded before making her way out the door, Professor Minerva muttering behind her.
—
“You’re a Gryffindor now?” Regulus whispered, tugging at the tie from underneath the table, it tightened around her neck and Rose swatted his hand away.
“Yeah, and ow.” She whispered, practically hissed.
That seemed to amuse him.
“Sirius has been quite the spectacle today, I’ve lost count how of how many house points he’s cost both houses.” He whispered, pulling at the tie a second time.
“It’s not my fault, this was his idea.” Rose whispered back, removing his hand from her tie, allowing her hand to linger atop of his under the table.
He looked back to the front of the class, but loosely intertwined his fingers with hers, and Rose couldn’t hide the smile that grew from that.
“Do you want to meet some of my actual friends tonight?” Regulus whispered as the class continued.
“Yeah of course I do. Bring them to the greenhouses? I’ll be there.” She responded eagerly.
“We’ll see you.” He said, tightening his hold on her hand.


Chapter 64
Rose loosened the tie around her neck before ultimately removing it and handing it over to James, who’d come by the greenhouse at her request.
“I just need you to drop this off to Sirius for me.” She said, putting her hands together pleadingly.
“Why can’t you take it?” He asked, crossing his arms over his chest, tie still in hand.
“I have plans.”
“With Regulus?”
“James—“
“I told you I was not going to be part of this. Now I’m a delivery boy?”
“You’re not part of it, you’re just returning something for me. Please, James.”
He slung the tie over his shoulder in response, making his way to the door.
“Thank you.” She mused happily, he turned around and spoke, pointing with each word.
“I’m not helping you, I’m just returning this to Sirius. Got it?”
“Got it.” She she said firmly.
James left then, shutting the door loudly behind him.
—
Once Regulus and co. arrived Rose was excited to note that she already knew them, or knew one them and knew of the other.
“It’s the little plant witch.” Xenophilius Lovegood greeted as he entered the greenhouse, he held out a hand for her to take.
“Good to see you again.” He added as Regulus and a blonde girl followed in behind him.
Rose recognized the girl as Pandora, she wore the blue crystal Rose had given to Xenophilius for her around her neck, as well as other jewelry that she seemed to have made herself, it was all very unique and had a whimsical flare Rose loved.
She greeted Rose with a quick side hug, and a simple:
“Pandora.”
Pandora was very beautiful, a Ravenclaw, with long blonde hair that looked almost silver, it was curly and bounced with every move she made much like Odette’s. She smelled of lavender oil and her voice was soft yet bubbly. By the time they arrived it was obvious her and Regulus were already rather faded, they both wandered around the greenhouse and starred at the different flowers and leaves while giggling occasionally. Eventually Regulus simply laid on the ground, looking up at the stars through the glass ceiling.
“Panda.” He called out from his spot on the floor while Rose and Xeno chatted together in the corner, watching the two of them goof off.
“Yes, Reg?” She asked, prior to taking a seat next to him.
“What do you think they’re talking about?” He attempted(but failed) to whisper.
“I don’t know, Reg. Want me to drag you over there so you can ask?”
He nodded enthusiastically.
“I’m not doing that.” She retorted matter-of-factly.
That’s when Xenophilius called over, gaining both of their attentions.
“Hey, Little Dude, what’s your patronus again?” He asked
Regulus quietly mumbled a response.
“What was that?” Rose asked.
“A dragonfly.” Pandora answered for him.
“He thinks it’s a bit lame. I think it’s neat.” She continued, before standing to join Rose and Xeno.
“What’s yours?” She asked, playing with a few stray curls from Rose’s hair, it had gotten rather long, and was perpetually somewhat messy.
“A grass snake, kinda lame too.” She said, putting her hair behind her, a shred of insecurity seeping to the surface.
“I really don’t like my hair this way. It’s starting to look like the worse version of Lily’s, my sister’s.” She clarified, Pandora looked baffled.
“You don’t?”
“No, not really.” She said, and Pandora stood immediately.
“You’ve got scissors in here right? For trimming the plants?” She asked, looking around.
Rose stood then, joining her search before the objective of their search set in.
“Wait, what are we doing?” Rose asked, and Pandora turned around, trimming scissors in hand.
“If you don’t like it, I’ll fix it. Here, sit.” She said, directing her to the spot next to Regulus. 
He glanced over at her, a dopey look on his face.
“Now, may I cut your hair? I cut my own.” Pandora asked
“You seem sure, and worse case it’ll grow back. Go ahead.” Rose said, excitement starting to overcome the fear.
Regulus sat up next to them as bits of red hair started to fall, collecting in a heap on the floor with each metallic snip of the flower shears.
When Pandora was finished Rose had a bluntly cut bob, it came down past her chin, her slight curls still visible.
Rose looked at herself in the reflection of the glass windows, running her hands through her hair and feeling the difference from what was once there.
“Thank you…Panda.” She said, turning to face the blonde girl once more, newfound confidence written across her face.
“You’re welcome.” She replied, pleased with the outcome. She sat the shears down next to a small deck of cards Rose had shoved onto a shelf with other tools and trinkets. Addressing Regulus afterwords.
“What do you think?” She asked, but the boy’s attention was elsewhere.
Beneath the material of his shirt his dark mark had begun to swirl and sear, a sensation he was use to, but dreaded nevertheless.
He stood, placing his hands palm down on the table behind them, holding onto it to steady himself for a moment.
He then took in a long breath, draining all the careless joy from his demeanor as he did so, every eye in the greenhouse was on him.
“I have to go.“ he said dully.
“You’re sure you’re good to go?” Xenophilius asked, Regulus took in another breath.
“I’ll manage.” He said, before turning to Rose, addressing her with without any real expression.
“You look lovely.” He said.
And he was gone.
“Damn.” Xenophilius spoke what they were each thinking.


Chapter 65
October 25th 1977
After Dinner 
Rose sat in a circle in the Marauders’ dorm, the warmth of a half empty teacup radiating next to her. She absentmindedly brought out a wand, whispering an incantation causing a few tulips to sprout up from Peter’s bed. 
“Rose!” Peter whined, Remus snickered to himself as Sirius reached over to feel Rose’s freshly cut hair once more, she shimmied away from his touch. 
“Stop it, grieving won’t make it grow back.” She said.
“I’m not grieving, just getting used to it.” He tutted, before tugging at the hair one more time, receiving a look of warning from Rose in the process. 
“Lads. We we’re supposed to be discussing our next prank.” James reminded the group.
“Yes. Let’s get back to that. Maybe we do something in the kitchens? Just not stealing jell-o and putting it in the fountains. We’ve already done that.” Rose proposed.
“I don’t know, but we HAVE to do something at graduation right?” Sirius requested, Remus nodded along to each suggestion, thinking on his own.
“We could change all the teachers into cats, then Minnie would have a herd, or whatever a 
big group of cats is.” Peter suggested, Sirius’ face twisted in disgust.
“I fucking hate cats.” He mumbled.
“We all know you hate cats, Padfoot.” Remus said, Rose interjected sweetly.
“I think they’re cute.” She said with a little smile.
“Of course you do.” Sirius added with a roll of his eyes.
“Hey, once more, let’s get back to planning, we can debate everyone’s opinion on felines later.” James said, stepping back into his role as the mother of their little group.
“It’s hard to think, Prongs! We’ve done just about everything!” Peter said exasperatedly, flopping back on his bed.
“I agree with Pete.” Rose said as she stood.
“Let me know what you come up with boys, but I have greenhouses to tend to.” She said, making her way to the door.
“Can I come?” Peter asked, head popping up to look at her.
“…..sure.” She said, and he hopped up to join her, giving a quick wave to the boys as they left.
—
The greenhouse was lit with candles and moonlight, as well as a few bioluminescent plants that glowed through the gloom of the cold room as Rose worked. Peter fidgeted with various things behind her.
“What do you want, Pete?” She asked, not taking her eyes off the herbs she was harvesting.
“You did your finger tattoo right?” He asked, she turned around then, raising an eyebrow at him.
“Yeah, why?”
“It just must have been difficult to do to yourself.” He explained
“And?” She asked.
“I was wondering if you would do one for me.”  He requested, speaking quickly.
“Oh.” She said, leaning back onto the table.
“It’ll be a bit hard to do in the dark, but yeah. My needle and such is in that little box on the shelf, it’s wooden with a little bug carved into it.” She explained, and he grabbed the box, bringing it to her.
“Sit here.” She instructed, seating him on a short chair next to her work station while she prepped the needle and ink.
“So what do you want?” She asked, handing him a candle to hold, he winced as the wax spilled over the edges and rolled onto his fingers.
“Oh shush, it doesn’t hurt that bad.” She said.
“Yes it does! How would you like it if I spilled wax on you?” He asked with a considerable amount of sass for someone in his position.
“I’d like it perfectly fine, but I’d prefer it from Sirius.” She said casually, then taking the candle from him, and placing it on the table next to them.
“Do with that information what you will.” She said as a look of disgust showed on his face.
“Now, what do you want?” She asked again, dipping a finger in the candle wax before peeling off the waxy bit once it dried.
“Just some numbers, three fives, right here.” He said, pointing towards a spot on his right forearm.
“Alright. What’s that for?“ She asked, before readying the needle.
“Something I learned in divination, essentially it lets you know that change is coming, but it’s positive change.” He explained as she began the process.
“Yeah? I guess a lot is about to change for you and the lads.” She said while trying to concentrate on the job at hand.
“Rose?” He asked, she nodded, convoying for him to continue.
“Have you forgiven me?” He asked, grimacing as she worked on the “555” on his arm.
“I wouldn’t be giving you a free tattoo if I hadn’t, Pettigrew.” She said, he nodded solemnly.
“Okay, thanks.” He said, she continued working at his arm.
—
“We’re back.” Rose announced as she dropped down onto Sirius’ bed, sitting a bag of clothes next to it, they had decided earlier she would spend the night to continue working on their schemes.
“Mousey got a tattoo, done by yours truly.” She said with a mock bow.
Each boy came up to look at the art on their mate, save for Remus who remained sprawled out comfortably across his bed, both hands hanging languidly in his lap.
“I’ll see it eventually.” He said, it was obvious he had no intention to move from that spot.
Rose sat in front of Sirius’ bed, while he sat on the floor next to Moony’s, glancing up at the boy every so often. The other two sat together on James’ bed.
They brainstormed practical jokes well into the night, making notes for the best ones, a pile of snack wrappers grew in the floor as the night drew on.
James was the first to fall asleep, then Peter, and then Rose crawled into Sirius’ bed and awaited him to join her.
She’d almost fallen asleep there, she’d gone still and quiet. She probably appeared to be asleep as Sirius laid next to her.
The moment Rose felt his arm snake around her waist as he usually would she heard a voice.
“Pads, come here.” Remus requested in a hushed tone, and Sirius complied, rolling out of bed and making his way over to Moony’s.
“Goodnight, Black.” Remus whispered softly. Then, Rose heard a sound that had her holding her breath, afraid to make any noise.
The familiar sound of lips coming together for a single kiss.
“Goodnight, Moony.” Sirius’ sleepy voice practically hummed.
Mere moments later his arms were around her again, and she tried to remain as still and silent. 


Chapter 66
It made sense.
A million little things clicked together in Rose’s mind when she heard that kiss, but she didn’t know how to bring it up, or if she should at all.
So, afterwards she ignored Sirius altogether, and he hated that. By the third day of pretending he didn’t exist Rose realized that Sirius Black does not know how to cope with not being granted the attention he’s use to.
In fact, that lead her to where she was now, she’d invited him to her dorm to perhaps talk about what she’d heard, but that’s not immediately what happened.
Instead, they’d not made it far into the dorm before he’d kissed her, and she kissed him, and they’d managed to half-blindly make their way over to Rose’s bed before things escalated further. In the midst of this escalation Rose spoke, breaking away from a kiss to do so.
“Sirius.” She said.
“Hmm?” He asked, bringing a hand gently to her cheek, it was red and snug at his touch, the result of his hand coming in contact with it far less gently moments before.
With her permission, of course.
“I know who else you’re seeing, Sirius. I know about him.” She confessed. Simply incapable of keeping it to herself any longer.
He instantly pulled away from her, a confused yet alarmed look on his face.
“What?” He asked, chest heaving a bit.
“I don’t know why I decided to share that right now, but it’s been on my mind for days.” Rose admitted, bringing the green silken sheets up to cover Sirius who was mostly unclothed at this point.
“That’s not what you say in a moment like this.” He said as he sat back to process what he’d just heard.
“I know that! I just couldn’t ignore it anymore.” She said, beginning to re-buttoning her blouse.
A silence passed between them before he’d found the words to say.
“You won’t tell anyone right?” He asked, an usual vulnerability radiated off him. He wasn’t wearing his jewelry, his Gryffindor tie was thrown unceremoniously onto the floor, and his face was expressionless as he awaited her response.
“Of course I won’t tell anyone, and just so you know I’m not mad or anything. I just have so many things I want to ask.” She explained sincerely.
“I’m not sure that I’m ready to tell you more.” He confided, she reached out to hold his hands delicately.
“That’s okay. I didn’t even have to know really…” She replied, he released her hands to grab his shirt from the floor, slipping it on with ease before lying down beside her.
“You’ll all know eventually.” He said, straightening her skirt and as he spoke to her.
She nodded in response and reached under her pillow, pulling out a small journal and a muggle ink pen.
“I’m still here.” He said, a soft chuckle escaping his lips as he reached for the little black book in Rose’s hands.
She pulled it out of his reach quickly.
“Yeah, and I’ve got a lot to write down.” She argued, he propped his head up on his hands, giving sad attention-requesting eyes.
“…but it can wait.” She gave in, placing the book back in it’s proper place and wrapping up cozily in her sheets.
—
November 1st 1977
During the Slytherin vs. Gryffindor quidditch match
“You both look stunning.” Sirius said as he sat between the two Evans girls, both decked out in red and gold, Lily had become one of James’ loudest supporters recently.
“Are you wearing—“ Lily began, but Rose cut her off with a smirk.
“Slytherin face paint? Yes indeed. Padfoot here lost a bet and this was the punishment.” Rose said, proudly.
“What bet?” Lily asked and Remus, who was seated on her other side answered.
“As it involved rather illegal activities I’m going to answer for the three of us and say: no comment.” He said with a bit of dramatic flare you only heard from Remus when he was in a decent mood or had partaken of some fire whiskey.
“Please don’t get into too much trouble.” Lily pleaded with him.
“My lady, that is the goal for the rest of the year.” He continued with a smile as the game played on above them.
Sirius broke the rules of their bet and wiped off the snake Remus had painted on his face before the end of the game, it was later decided he owed them both a butterbeer for his transgression.
He at least kept that half of the bargain. After the match, and long after curfew had passed there was a party to celebrate the Gryffindor victory. It took place on the quidditch grounds themselves, they’d managed to play music as the grounds inside the pitch filled with students.
A good few arguments broke out throughout the night, but that wasn’t uncommon after a Gryffinor vs. Slytherin game. Tensions were always high when the rival teams played one another.
Lights were set up around the quidditch pitch, and along with the muffled sounds of music and chatter the scent smoke hung heavily to the air, a haze practically shrouded the grounds.
At this party is when Sirius managed to get Rose and Remus their butterbeers.
“Thank you, Pads.” Rose said, having quickly finished hers, sitting the empty glass on the ground next to them.
“But, I’m off for a bit, Prongs has wandered off and Wormy is nowhere to be seen, that leaves just you two.” She said making a smug little face.
“See ya.” Remus said with a little smile of his own sending a wave her way as she sauntered off.
She was on a mission to find Regulus or Xenophilius. The latter of which never missed parties, outdoor ones in particular, so, Rose knew he at least would be there. So, she looked around for a tall blonde man and his short stoic companion(minus the Death Eaters hopefully).
When Rose saw them she practically ran to their sides.
“Reg!”
“Greenhouse girl.” Xeno responded lazily when she arrived.
“Hi.” She said, little grin on her face.
“Hello. Saw your friend a little while ago, he complimented me on “carrying” the whole bloody team.” He said.
“James?” Rose asked, smile ever present as they spoke.
“Yes it was, Potter.”
He said, moving a single piece of hair that continuously fell back into his face behind his ear once more.
She reached up to grab his hand.
“Leave it.” She said, before dropping her hand back to her side, fidgeting with the hem of her skirt before speaking up again.
“You wanna dance?” She asked, a bit nervous. To actually so so they’d have to move closer to the music, while simultaneously staying away from her friends who all thrived on being the center of attention thus, were probably re-collecting rather to the music.
Regulus looked wide-eyed at first, as if he didn’t even know how to respond to that.
“You know what? We’re going to dance.” She said, making her way to the music, giving him no choice but to follow after her.
“My brother will be here.”
“Your brother dances with everyone. Why can’t I dance with you?” She retorted as they made their way closer to the music.
That sent a mischievous glint to his eyes, enough for him to follow along behind her, occasionally looking back to his friend waving at them as the song playing got louder around them.
You better stop the thing that you're doin'
The low tones of “I Put a Spell on You” by Creedence Clearwater Revival played as Rose regained the confidence needed to actually dance alongside side the other groups, pulling Regulus relatively close.
I ain't gonna take none of your, foolin' around
“You mind?” Regulus asked, removing a single cigarette from it’s box, which was half squished in his pocket.
“Not at all.” She said, whispering a fire charm as he put it in his mouth.
With a few breaths it was lit, and he held it out of the way so he could remain close to her in between hits.
I put a spell on you
because you're mine
Rose wished she could lie and say she didn’t hear the footsteps fast approaching, but she did hear them.
She also heard James’ muffled voice giving a warning of:
“Padfoot, stop.” In the distance.
She almost wished she hadn’t taken Regulus’ hand, removed the cigarette, and tossed it to the ground.
“Reg.” She said firmly, her face mere inches from his as they moved together.
You better stop, the thing that you're doin'
His hand found it’s way to her the small of her back, holding her against him as she ran both her hands through his hair, finally griping it to bring his lips to hers, kissing him deeply as both the music and voices around them grew louder.
I put a spell on you because you're mine, all right


Chapter 67
The discarded cigarette smoldered in the grass below as Regulus took Rose’s lower lip between his teeth, biting down until a sharp gasp escaped her lips.
She pulled away at the approaching footsteps. 
When they stopped a hand with a firm grip held Rose’s shoulder, promptly turning her to face it’s owner.
“What the fuck, Rose?” Sirius asked, voice raised, eyed aflame.
James followed close behind, Lily hadn’t come to the party, but two of her friends, Dorcas and Marlene had, they watched the hostile exchange along with a few other nosey bystanders.
“Pads, let’s go.” James instructed.
“Absolutely not.” Sirius responded stubbornly.
Regulus stepped aside, allowing himself to come into full view, and when James saw the look on Sirius’ face grow colder he began shooing away unneeded eyes. Sirius may have refused to leave, but James was going to ensure there was some type of privacy during the ordeal. Moony and Wormtail were still out of sight.
Sirius’ attention went back to Rose’s face.
“Him? I mean if you were looking for a Death Eater I’m sure Snape would have no problem pretending you were Lily.”
“Pads.” James’ warned.
“I’m just doing what you do.” Rose finally said, stepping into Sirius’ personal space.
He ran a hand through his hair, exhaling sharply as dim orange light reflected onto him and the ground below.
“This is not what I do. This one is completely you.” He responded resentfully, Rose took a step back, bumping into James.
“Do you believe that, brother?” Regulus questioned from his spot next to them. Sirius’ eyes met his without missing a beat.
“Don’t fucking call me that.” He practically hissed.
Regulus took that with a small nod, turning to James and Rose.
“You should go. This isn’t really about you, and it’s far past time my brother and I talked.” 
They complied to a certain extent, moving to the side and taking a few steps back.
 Regulus twisted a ring around his finger agitatedly as Sirius responded.
“What do we have to talk about, Regulus? I was there for you until I absolutely couldn’t be anymore and even then you could have come with me. YOU chose to stay with those pureblood maniacs.” Sirius defended, anxiously gripping at a necklace he wore as he spoke.
“No I couldn’t have. If we had both left Mum would have come back for ONE of us, and let’s be honest here I might have been their spare, but she would have come back for me, and she certainly wouldn’t have let you run free. There’s no way.” Regulus argued, rolling up his left sleeve so that his dark mark was present.
Sirius’ face paled upon actually seeing it, his voice came out far less confidently.
“You sound just like her.” He said uneasily.
“I’ve also been told I have her eyes.” Regulus quipped, and Sirius’ own caught fire once again.
“You’re such a fucking prick.”
“  I’m   a prick?” Regulus asked, almost laughing.
“You want to say I’m like mum? Fair. But, let’s not forget how you’re like father. Your hair and and your confidence and drunken smile, that stuff us a mask. Dad wears his, loving father, family protector or whatever it is he tries to look like when other people are around. What does all that hide for you two? I think it hides me. I think it hides the part of you that’s like me that you don’t want to look at.”
He pointed down to his dark mark.
“The part of you this was meant for.”
“They would have had to kill me, Regulus I never would have done that.” Sirius argued, unable to take his eyes off the mark on his little brothers arm.
“I know. But I also know that dealing with mine would have been a lot easier if you had stayed, so, forgive me, for finding solace in someone other than you, brother.”   He said, glancing over at Rose and James.
”Because, while you have your freedom I have  this—“
He continued before reciting an incantation for what Rose recognized as a charm that was meant to implant memories into someone’s mind, Sirius visibly cringed at the memories Regulus had shared, memories of what he’d done alongside the other Death Eaters.
“Why do you always have to do this?”  Sirius asked, Regulus shrugged limply.
“I wanted you to know.” Was all he said as the mark on his arm glowed and swirled beneath his skin, Sirius opened his mouth to speak but Regulus cut him off.
“I have to go. Per usual.” He said, before pointing at Rose.
“I want to see you when I return.” He continued, before apparating to the the side of the Dark Lord.
Sirius looked directly at James and Rose, pointing angrily as he spoke.
"That is who you chose." He said before leaving them both. Disappearing into what was left of the party.
—
Hours later, Rose sat contemplatively in the Prefect bath, the water around her had long ago turned cold as ice, but she remained there. Her knees were pulled to her chest and her head sat gently upon them. The only light in the room was from four candles that surrounded the tub, each had burned down to a pile of wax and a weak flame.
She heard the smallest sound and looked to where it came from, there half-shrouded in shadows stood an exhausted Regulus Black, wand still in hand.
“You shouldn’t be here.” She said, half- heartedly.
“You shouldn’t be here either.” He responded before taking a seat next to the bath, careful to keep his eyes on the darkness ahead instead of the girl next to him.


Chapter 68
Rose lifted a hand out of the water to loop a finger through the small key sitting next to her on the side of the marble bathtub, bringing the key into Regulus’ view.
“I have permission to be here.” She said, before placing the key back down, her hand sinking back into the cold bathwater.
The room was both chilly and shadowy, the candles had burned down to almost nothing, dried lavender bundles hung above their heads, and three large windows overlooked the the two of them. The largest of the windows held stained glass windowpanes, and weak light from the early morning seeped through it, sending reflections of green and blue hues across Rose’s naked form in the water.
She lifted her head up a bit to peer over at Regulus, he’d seemingly conjured up a book since they’d been there, it sat next to him unopened.
“They seem to need you a lot. The other Death Eaters I mean, they summon you all the time. What exactly do you do?” She asked, sitting her head back down onto her knees.
He starred ahead as he answered her question with one of his own.
“How much do you know about the Wizarding World? About the conflict going on currently?”
In truth she knew very little, her only contact with the Wizarding World was through Hogwarts, and there the talk of war was mere whispers. Especially within her friend group. On the occasion the boys talked of war amongst themselves they would stop as soon as they relaized Rose was listening.
“I don’t know much.” She replied honestly.
“I’d like to keep it that way. Don’t ask about what I do.”
She nodded, tightening the grip on her knees, hiding her face with them, wet hair stuck to the back of her neck.
He glanced over at her and his stoney features softened ever so slightly.
“You’re going to catch a cold.”
“I don’t want to get out.” She argued.
Regulus responded by standing and grabbing the towel she’d laid out earlier, making his way back to the bath and covering his eyes with it.
“Get up.”
“No.”
“Rose.”
There was sigh, followed by the sounds of sloshing water, and eventually wet footsteps as she grabbed the towel. Their eyes met once it was gone, she wrapped it around herself and spoke.
“How am I suppose to go have breakfast with my mates in a few hours?” She said, troubled by the thought of it.
“Moony and Peter have definitely been updated on the whole situation, I’m sure they both despise me along with Sirius.” She continued, the true gravity of the situation she’d created weighing on her all at once.
“Have you slept?” Regulus interjected.
“No, I wandered around for a while, then came here. I’m just gonna stick it out.” She answered, before reaching down and taking the book from the floor, looking it over.
“You’re going to stick it out in here?” He asked.
“I was planning on it. I like it in here.”
“Well get dressed and I’ll stay with you. I’ve got that to keep me company if you fall asleep.” He said, nodding towards the book in her hands.
“Alright.” She agreed, a small smile finally making it’s way back to her rosy features.
She got dressed and cleaned around the bath. Eventually Regulus sat once more and she joined him, leaning on his shoulder gingerly, enjoying a comfortable silence until Regulus spoke up.
“When Sirius and I were children—“ He began, she looked up at him, prepared to let each word sink in.
“He use to use quill ink to make little “tattoos” all over himself. Mother hated it, and Father hated whatever Mother hated. He’d come to dinner with his sleeves rolled up showing all the drawings he’d added on himself and Mother would react about the way you might expect with what you know of her. The first time it happen I said nothing, I was sacred. The second time, I spoke up and I was punished with him. I did that a few more times, but then I stopped. I wasn’t scared anymore I just didn’t care anymore. Sirius refused to learn. He refused to compromise.” He said, before tapping the book in her hands. 
“The protagonist of this book has a large array of tattoos, I use to read it when he was on my mind. It’s a habit I still have.” He said, leaning his head back against the wall.
Rose looked ahead, thinking about what all that meant.
—
Breakfast was silent at first, Moons looked as tired as he usually did, Peter kept starring just to turn away quickly when Rose would look at him, and James sent Rose apologetic glances from time to time.
Eventually Sirius cracked, looking over at Rose from his spot next to Remus, speaking with an angry tone.
“What are you doing here?” He asked, Rose looked up from her tea and answered sharply.
“I sit here.”
“You think we’re just going back the usual? No. You’re not sitting here, you’re not doing pranks with us—“ He was cut off when Rose stood, teacup and pistachio pastry in hand.
“Got it.” She said before making her way to the greenhouses were she planned to spend the rest of breakfast, and perhaps the rest of the day.
As she sat at her work table and finished her breakfast she glanced over the flowers growing at the edge of the room. She’d planted some lilies there, and while most were doing well it appeared as if a select few had been cut and taken, and she had no recollection of doing so herself.
She sighed and sat her head on the table next to her teacup, mumbling about someone stealing her flowers as she closed her eyes.


Chapter 69
Rose awoke with her face practically stuck to her wooden worktable and a slight headache.
Overall, not in the greatest of moods.
She’d slept there for a large chunk of the day, and planned to be there working for the rest of it. Professor Sprout had held her classes in greenhouses one and two leaving Rose with solitude as she worked. The sun setting progressively behind her as the hours ticked on.
She’d spent dinner there as well, if you could call the professor bringing her some pastries and a miniature jar of jam dinner. Whatever the case may be, while Sprout was there she instructed Rose to make her way to the Slytherin common room before it got too late.
Which she did not do.
Instead she ate her dinner, and searched for absolutely anything she could do without having to return to her dorm and answer unwanted questions Odette most definitely have about the previous night considering her older sister watched the ordeal alongside Marlene.
This need for isolation led Rose to sitting against the greenhouse’s glass wall, hidden away in a corner, just thinking.
Part of her wanted to go find her sister, but that part was small and quiet. She leaned her head against the cold glass and closed her eyes, finding sleep as the comfort she needed. 
—
She was awoken some time later to the sound of shuffling.
She pushed herself as far back against the glass as she could, trying to remain hidden as she looked for who could be intruding.
She watched the dark figure move methodically around the room until it stopped in front of her miniature flower garden.
That is when she realized it was not someone coming to look for her, but instead whoever who had snipped a few of her lilies had come back for more of them.
She hopped up rather quickly, annoyance coursing through her as she made her way to the perpetrator without a problem, grabbing their wrist and spinning them around, accidentally knocking them against her table and shaking the teacup. The flower scissors in their hand falling to the floor.
“Come on. Don’t steal plants just ask a—“ She began, then her face displayed a healthy mixture of disgust and confusion upon getting a good look at the flower thief’s face.
“Severus?”  She asked, he responded with the weakest excuse for a wave Rose had ever seen.
“ You  are— Oh my god, Severus don’t tell me you’re stealing MY lilies FOR Lily.”
The silence was deafening as Snape’s pale face looked back at Rose’s.
“Your obsession with my sister is outrageous, do you know that?” She asked.
“It’s not—“ He began, being immediately cut off.
“This is not an intervention so you don’t have to lie.” She said, bending down to retrieve her flower shears, holding them in her hand as she spoke.
“So. I thought you may have developed some integrity since I saw you last, but clearly—“ She said, moving a hand over the cut lilies for a visual representation.
“I was wrong, but luckily for you I’ve just got an idea of how to use your lack of a moral compass to my advantage.” She explained, the edges of her lips pulling upwards into a smile for the first time that day.
“I have no intentions to help you with anything.” The boy said, crossing his arms doggedly.
“That’s the thing.” She started. Placing the shears on the table next to her with a metallic clink.
“If you don’t I’ll tell Lily you broke into her little sister’s greenhouse and stole flowers planning to either give them to her or just keep them and sniff them and think of her, both of which she will find VERY creepy.” She said, now crossing her own arms over her chest.
The boy grimaced at her, but his submission to the situation was obvious.
“Good. Now, snip off a few more of those and light me a cigarette, we have work to do.” She said wicked smile on her face.
—
“I don’t see the humor in this.” Severus mused bitterly as the two of them passed a cigarette back and fourth while working on a bouquet of lilies, one Rose has instructed Severus to address to Sirius.
“I’m not sure you could find humor in anything I do, Severus, but I think Sirius receiving flowers and a sweet note from you is hilarious.” She stated, cigarette hanging loosely from her mouth, the smoke puffing over her shoulder into his face.
He swatted it away and took the cig back from her, pulling out a note card and a pen she’d handed him, preparing to write the note.
His face looked hesitant.
“Look. We both want to ruin Sirius Black’s morning right?” She asked, he reluctantly nodded, still scowling however.
“Great, because this should do it.” She said tapping the paper he held.
“I need you to be really dramatic with it, really pour out your undying love for him, maybe even add a little heart after your name and make sure to add happy birthday!” She continued, while adding the finishing touches to the bouquet.
“I got it. It’s difficult to write without repulsing, but I’ve got it.” He complained, Rose watched over his shoulder as he finished the note off with a little heart as instructed.
“Excellent. Now we just wait till breakfast and deliver it before he gets to his spot.” She said, enthusiastically.
“Have I served my blackmail then?” He asked in his ever-downtrodden tone.
“Yes. You are free to go.” She said with a small bow, he rolled his eyes and walked away, tossing the used cigarette into an empty pot before shutting the greenhouse door behind him.
Rose sat back and waited for morning.


Chapter 70
 November 3rd 1977 
Rose was seated next to Odette and Stephone at breakfast when Sirius tossed the bouquet of flowers at her, a few spilled out across the table, but the rest lay limply within the bouquet itself, it had bounced off of Rose’s chest and onto the floor below.
“You’re a florist now?” Stephone asked with a laugh, Rose sat smirking to herself.
“A bad one it seems” Odette whispered, placing a berry in her mouth.
“I see you took my advice. How was your time with Snivellus?” Sirius asked, his hair was put up into a rather high ponytail, curls had already begun to fall out, framing his angular face. It’s usual heart-stopping smile replaced with a frown.
“It was just a simple transaction.” She said, taking in a small breath before speaking once more.
“Happy birthday.” She hummed, smiling up at him, his eyes hardened at the words.
Rose picked up a single lily that had fallen onto the table in front of her, handing it to him, false smile still playing on her features.
He glared down at her, the tips of his ears reddening as he pushed her hands away, the lily falling to the floor.
“Come with me.” He practically commanded, Rose sent a reassuring glance to her friends as she stood, following behind him as he led the way out of the Great Hall, finally stopping in some empty hallway.
“What is your problem?” He asked, visibly seething.
“You have to ask? You can’t infer that it’s you?” Rose responded with just as much agitation.
“I’m the problem? I’m sorry, aren’t you the one who’s been shagging Regulus behind everyone’s backs?”
“I’ve not been! And even if I had it shouldn’t matter to you. You get to galavant off with whoever you want you can’t expect that I won’t do the same!” She exclaimed, anger finally reaching high enough to raise her voice.
“He’s my freind and he’s been my friend since first year. Sirius, I know what it’s like to feel like you’ve abandoned your sibling, and I know what it’s like to  be  abandoned. I could be there for both of you if you’d just let me!”
“I don’t want you there for me.” He said, though it appeared as if her words had extinguished his temper faintly.
“Sirius, please.” Rose begged.
“What happened to all the smirking and joking?” He asked, bending down to look more directly at her face, tugging at her Slytherin tie a bit as he looked at her.
“Go back to your Death Eater friends, you   snake  .” He whispered, placing the tie back neatly before turning around and making his way to the Great Hall.
Rose refused to follow behind him and make her way back to breakfast so instead she went ahead to her first class of the day. Going through her classes on a sort of emotional autopilot until she made it to Care of Magical Creatures.
But, Regulus wasn’t there, she figured he might be off on some Death Eater mission, but hoped he’d just decided not to come.
She wanted to go back to the greenhouses after that, do her homework on the floor with incense smoke wafting through her hair, and old trees far in the distance, but instead she made her way to her dorm.
She was greeted there by the worried faces of two of her roommates and one Lily Evans.
“James wanted to come, but you know it’s Sirius’ birthday so….” Lily trailed off, Rose sighed before dropping her bag and flopping down on her bed next to her sister, her friends sitting across from them hand in hand, looking on with empathy.
“He called me a snake, Lily.” Rose said, half muffled by her face in her pillow.
“I’m sorry.” Lily said softly, rubbing Rose’s back.
“Maybe Sirius and Regulus just have similar taste. I know Dette and Dorcas do for sure.” Stephone said, sitting her head on Odette’s shoulder, making an attempt at lightening the mood.
Rose whined in response, Lily awkwardly patted her back.
“I saw what happened this morning, I think you should say out of their mess for a little while.”Lily stated.
Rose knew this put Lily is a weird spot, James was officially her big sister’s boyfriend now, and the two spent a lot of time together, and a lot of time with Sirius.
“They’re my friends.” Rose said pitifully.
“I know, but you can still hangout with James and me.” Lily suggested.
“And! You can go with us to Hogsmeade this weekend” Odette chirped, arm around her significant other.
 Rose simply groaned at the suggestions, burying herself deeper into her pillows.
—
Within the time Lily was there Rose cycled between writing in her journal and studying, Odette had been tending to the plants in the dorm room for her the past few days so there was no need for Rose to really do much else.
It had begun raining out by this time, the rhythmic splashes of raindrops on Black Lake rang though the dimly lit room.
Lily had always found the Slytherin dorms rather dreary.
“Hey, Rosie?” She asked, bringing the other girl’s attention from a textbook she was doodling in.
“Yeah?”
“Wanna go get some snacks from the kitchens?” Lily asked, Rose perked up a bit, nodding eagerly.
“You girls want anything?” Lily asked Ode and Steph, standing and stretching a tad.
“Yeah, thanks.” Stephone said, Odette spoke up too.
“We’re fine with anything you bring.” She explained, a sweet smile on her face and a book in her hand.
Odette liked to read to Stephone at night sometimes, she’d use hushed tones to keep from bothering the others in the dorm too much, but Rose found it endearing.
—
It was odd sneaking through Hogwarts with Lily, but not unenjoyable. She knew exactly how to avoid prefects as well as how to get to the kitchens quick and easily.
But, once they arrived they found they were not alone.
“Hi, Lils.” Mary said, flour covered her hands and Peter stood next to her looking at Rose like he’d seen a ghost.
“Whatcha doing?” Lily asked while grabbing for some chocolates.
“Baking.” Mary answered shortly.
“Well that I can see.” Lily continued.
“Baking a cake.” Peter added.
“For Sirius?” Rose asked, finally speaking up.
Mary sighed before answering penitently.
“Yeah.”
“….could I help?” Rose asked, her voice small.
“I don’t think Siriu—“ Peter began, Mary swiftly cut him off.
“Of course you can.” Mary said, wearing a smile.
“No. I actually think we should be going, Rose.” Lily said, she hadn’t felt good about the entire interaction, despite knowing Mary meant well.
"I don't want you working on a cake for someone who called you a snake." Lily said, Peter visibly cringed at the word.
“Shite.” He whispered, Lily nodded before exiting the kitchens with Rose in tow.


Chapter 71
There wasn’t much out of Sirius after that, Rose started eating breakfast in the greenhouses with Professor Sprout who would occasionally be visited by Professor McGonagall(sometimes just as a cat who popped in and out quickly). Rose didn’t interact with any of the Marauders for a while, save for James and the girls. She still saw their pranks and her heart still sank for Moony each time the glow of a full moon would shine through her windows at night, but she wasn’t a part of it.
Lily came by to check on Rose in her dorm from time to time, often bringing some records and Dorcas along with her.
Dorcas was a lot like Odette, she exuded a sense of nature and wisdom while still knowing how to have fun. Rose often imagined Dorcas in Slytherin robes, her long dreads and self-assumed smile would fit so well within their house.
Rose also imagined Dorcas was the kind of girl you’d bump into in a record store and instantly fall in love with.
Rose wasn’t lucky enough to fall for Dorcas Meadows though.
November 13th 1977
“What are you reading?” Regulus asked as they sat together in greenhouse three during free period, the sun beamed down on them from the glass ceiling. Regulus’ cheeks were rosy, but he was at ease. Stephone’s camera sat next to them, Rose had borrowed it for the first time in a long time that day.
“It’s a comfort book of mine actually. A collection of Greek myths and how they connect to plants.” Rose said, pointing at an illustration of a small sprig of mint growing near a steam, it looked dreadfully lonely.
“That’s Minthe, she was a nymph, Hades’ beloved, but either Persephone or Demeter had her turned into a plant, mint. It’s sad really.” Rose explained, running a thumb over the painting on the page before meeting his eyes again.
“I promise I won’t let Sirius turn you into a plant.” She joked, he didn’t smile, but his eyes looked happier.
“You sure you wouldn’t prefer me that way?” He asked wittily.
Rose couldn’t help it, she met his lips with a smile still playing on her own, as they kissed he held a gentle grip on her hair.
When they broke apart she leaned her head against his, noses brushing as she peeked at his eyes. Like looking into smokey quartz.
“Stay right there.” Rose whispered, pulling away from him to grab the camera, his cheeks were as red as two plump strawberries, but his eyes were still at peace.
Rose had to capture it.
“It’s time I updated that old picture of you.” She said, tongue sticking out of her mouth a tiny bit as she concentrated on getting the perfect shot.
He didn’t move, and with one click the photo was taken. She placed the camera down and waited for it to develop.
“May I take a few?” Regulus asked, glancing over at the mint planted across the room.
“Sure.” Rose agreed, already smiling as he picked up the camera and walked over to the plant.
“Do you have a quill? I want to add a note on it.”
“A note?” She asked.
“Yes, I want to write something like “Ah I’m really a nymph! Help!”” He expressed, gesturing as he did so, the camera hanging around his neck on it’s strap, a contented look on his face.
Rose would have done anything for him in that moment, but all she could manage was a couple words.
“You’re wonderful.” She said as a giddy smile rose to her face.
—
They made time to see one another, sneaking into his dorm in her snake form had become an almost daily ritual, they’d do homework together, perhaps kiss a time or two, but mostly just sit in one another’s presence.
Despite that Rose still managed to sneak up on him from time to time, just as she use to.
November 25th 1977
Rose whispered an unlocking charm and silently opened the door to Regulus’ dorm. His roommates were asleep, but he was still awake, sitting up on the edge of his bed. When he saw someone enter the room he gasped and fell backwards, off his bed and onto the floor below.
Rose made her way to him quickly, pulling him up into the bed and shutting the curtains.
“Are you okay?” She asked, failing to suppress laughter.
“I thought we locked the door.” He said, neatening his pajamas.
“Yeah, I unlocked it.” Rose said, raising her wand for emphasis, sitting it on the bedside table thereafter.
“Have you come here to abduct me?” He asked, already mentally prepared for wherever she might take him.
“No actually. I just wanted to come here.” She said, pulling back the covers.
“May I stay?” She asked, sliding under them.
He nodded as a response prior to joining her under the covers.
She played with his hair, twirling the stands between her fingers and whispering incantations as she did so, smiling brightly when small sprigs of lily of the valley appeared in his hair, she braided the conjured flowers into it loosely.
“You’re so pretty.” She said, hands leaving his hair to sit delicately around his neck.
“As are you.” He replied, peering into her eyes as he did so.
Roses eyes were green like Lily’s, but they held the smallest hint of a gold around the edges.
“Rose, may I ask you something?” He said, albeit somewhat reluctantly.
“Of course.” She answered, smiling up at him supportively.
“Could we..perhaps..do this without our clothes?” He asked as straightforwardly as he could manage in that moment.
“You mean you want to—“
“No. Just— this.”
“You don’t think you’ll…you know..”
“I’ll deal with it.”
“Then, Okay.” She agreed, beginning to remove some of the flowers from his hair, he held up a hand halting her.
“Leave them. I like them.” He said, she nodded and moved her attention to his shirt, lifting it over his head and discarding it onto the floor before doing the same with her own, promptly hiding her face in the crook of his neck, missing his reaction in the process.
He held her there in his arms. Their chests pressed against one another warmly.
“This.” Is all he could manage to say, closing his eyes and losing himself to the comfort of her.
Rose smiled against his skin, whispering to him sarcastically.
“You’re so evil and scary, Black.” 


Chapter 72
There was something curious about the way Rose missed Sirius. Pretending a wound is fine doesn’t cease necrosis, in fact it worsens it.
Rose was worsening, silently.
December 19th 1977
Sunbeams shined through the glass of the Herbology greenhouse. Lily and Rose sat together in the floor, Dorcas(with a single pink tulip tucked behind her ear) leaned against a table beside Xenophilius who’s company she’d come to enjoy.
Earlier, they’d all prepared each of the the three greenhouses to be left alone through the holidays. Conversations flowed freely as the group worked in such close proximity. All the while, Xeno had a record playing ambient music, humming to himself as he fidgeted with the variety of necklaces around his neck, his long platinum hair swaying with each bop of his head.
The greenhouse itself was more alive than it had been in weeks, usually Rose stayed there alone, in a silent space, a miniature library of books floating around her and the foliage as she filled her time with work and reading.
Among them an old leather bound journal with pressed rose petals peeking from it’s pages.
Regulus had grown far busier and far more reclusive again, and so Rose found herself in the company of friends-of-friends on the occasion she chose to have company at all.
This was one of those times, the air was light.
“So.” Dorcas began, pointing a hand towards Lily and Rose.
“From what I’ve gathered, your dad was like, a hippie then?” She asked rather jokingly, the girls shared a look before nodding in unison.
“I suppose he was free spirit of sorts. The kind that abandons your family.” Lily said.
“You think if he WAS a hippie he’d look like me?” Xeno asked with a light-hearted chuckle. 
Lily rolled her eyes, but answered anyway.
“Probably. Different hair though.“ She half-joked, Dorcas looked over at her again.
“Lils, I think everyone has hair different than this lad. Well, maybe not that one Malfoy prefect, you remember him? Such a prat.”
Rose tapped Lily’s leg, a memory coming back to her.
“I remember that guy! I bumped into him literally on my first ride to Hogwarts and he just glared down at me. I hated it.” Rose said with a small sting of laughter.
“Speaking of you hating situations…“ Lily began, looking over at Rose pleadingly.
“Lily, I know what you’re going to ask and I think it’s an awful idea.” She responded.
“James invited BOTH of us over for New Years, okay? It’s one night.” Lily continued to plead, this had obviously been a going discussion between the two of them.
Rose sighed helplessly.
“Lils, you know I’m going. I just don’t want to.” She explained, this led Dorcas to yet another line of conversation.
“You know Sirius told us about him and Remus right? I mean we all kinda figured there was something going on there, and he wasn’t super specific about it, but he mentioned that you knew, no judgement. I’m just asking…where does that put you two?” Dorcas asked, Rose simply shook her head in response.
“As for Sirius, I’ll guess we’ll see on New Years, but Remus and I are still cool, he leaves me chocolate with little notes on it sometimes. Granted the notes usually just say “eat” or “feel better”, but I miss him a lot. I hope I’ve not hurt him.” She said, Lily awed sadly, and Dorcas nodded.
The conversations drifted off, and music took over the space for the most part. Rose stood and began to clean up around the greenhouse, Xeno and Dorcas started their own quiet conversation, and Lily sat contemplatively in the floor. Each one enjoying their time differently, but all equally content.
While dusting off a shelf Rose found a small beetle, it’s shell shined green and purple, it was dead, but perfectly in tact.
She picked it up gently, placing it in a small jar, and mentally noting to come back and frame the little guy properly later.
—
December 31st 1977
The Potter’s house was huge.
It was spacious and the wooden details throughout were simultaneously homey and elegant.
James greeted them excitedly, welcoming them into the home, the warm scents of Christmas candles still hung in the air, and sunlight seemed to beam through every window creating streams of light all throughout the household.
And who else would come walking down the stairs, right through one that static light other than Sirius Black?
He spoke to James as he made his way down the stairs, mumbling of some motorbike, his hair was wet, with a towel in hand lazily drying it. He wore a tank top and loose jeans, you’d think it was the peak of summer by the way he looked. Steam rose up off him and swirled throughout the sun rays as he walked.
Once he’d reached the bottom of the stairs he only remained there until Mr. and Mrs. Potter made their way over to the door, he then took his leave. Throwing the damp towel over his shoulder with a slap, forgetting whatever it was he needed from James.
James cleared his throat and extended a hand towards Lily and Rose.
“Mother, This is Lily, and Rose Evans.” He said, a proud smile on his face as he meet eyes with Lily, she looked just as happy.
Rose adored that he made her so happy. She so often saw Lily smile and giggle out of her peripheral vision when James was around.
James’ parents introduced themselves. His father had a bushy grey mustache and hair just as curly and wild as James’. His mother’s cheeks were wrinkled, and her hair much like her husbands had gone grey, but her smile was ever-present, she was warmth personified.
Aside from a family dinner(that Rose found a way to escape without so much of a glance at Sirius), James’ parents didn’t hover, allowing him to manage the houseguests on his own.
—
There were a few leftover Christmas decorations scattered about the home, and outside a large Christmas tree leaned against the garden fence. Dried and wilting from time. 
The Christmas gifts from James started arriving for Lily far before Christmas had actually came, and much to both Rose and Lily’s surprise they were not over the top at all, but sweet and sensible.
He’d even gotten Rose a gift, another plant. The potted succulent sat on her worktable in the greenhouse along with a bundle of snowdrops and a small container of strawberries on the day they left Hogwarts for the holidays. Alongside a note from “Your future brother-in-law”.
Rose rolled her eyes, but couldn’t stop the smile that formed.
Now, Rose, Lily, and James were all together in his room. Rose played aimlessly with the sword she had found years ago while exploring with Sirius and Peter, though they had given it to James. She swung it back and forth. Tapping her shoe cautiously with the tip of it occasionally.
There was a light tap at the door, then a slightly louder one, James opened it and Sirius stood there, wearing a scarf and long coat over his less warm clothing choices.
He must have grown tired of the grating silence Rose could almost feel even from a different room.
“I uh— I’m going into the garden if you lot wanted to join.” He said, glancing over at the sword in Rose’s hands, just the sight of it seemed to trigger a core memory for him.
“Even me?” She asked, slinging the sword onto her shoulder, flat side down.
“Even you.” He said, without the bitterness she’d expected to come from him.
“I’m bringing the sword.” She added, and Sirius almost smiled.
“Okay.” He agreed as they each prepared for the cold and followed him out.
—
The four of them stood around the forsaken Christmas tree, Rose tapped it lightly with the sword.
“You guys wanna burn it?” She asked, James responded with a confused look.
“What? No.“ he said swiftly.
“I kinda did.” Lily peeped up with a shrug
“See? Lils gets it.”
“How are we gonna burn it?” Sirius asked.
“Sit it in the middle of the garden, and ya know- set it on fire.” Rose explained, wanting to give the poor tree a proper burial.
“I mean…fine..the sun’s gonna go down in a bit, we’ll have a few drinks and…a burning tree.” James agreed.
As New Years Eve went on Sirius warmed up to Rose more. He and James were on a mission to keep the girls awake until the new year and drink after drink it became a harder task, time blurred together more and more, speeding one hour and slowing the next.
Sirius even played around as Padfoot for a while to entertain them, during which James and Lily made their way to the kitchen to fix some snacks and probably have a bit of time together.
Rose sat in the grass, the fire from the tree burning still, though most of it’s needles had fallen away.
She pulled at grass and sprinkled the blades along the sword sat next to her, Sirius padded over, nudging her hand like a real dog might, looking up at her with puppy eyes.
She stopped pulling at the grass, and did as he bid, handing over her attention.
He’d transformed back immediately, moving his hair out of his eyes.
“I think I’ve forgiven you.” He said, and Rose recoiled a tad.
“You’ve forgiven me? You said all those cruel things. I have to forgive you too.” She said, attention going back to pulling at grass.
“Then forgive me.” He sat next to her.
“I miss you.” She said, not really in response to what he had said, but as a statement all on its own.
“I’ve missed you for what? Over a month now? I find out you’ve finally been honest about you and Moons from someone else? I’ve missed so much.” She continued, pulling at the grass faster.
He placed a hand atop of hers, she released her grip under his touch.
“I thought you cared for me.” She finally admitted, solemnly.
“I was enthralled by you.” He corrected, running a hand over the cold metal weapon sitting next to her.
 “I remember when it started, Snape had called your sister a slur, you comforted her first, then you made your way to Snivellus and hit him without hesitation. I realized what a good sister you were, and without Lily even having to ask.” He recalled, cautiously touching her hand with his own.
“Plus, it told me you would understand my situation with my brother….” He trailed off, regret so deep in his mercury eyes, recalling moments with his brother that had long passed.
He’d once told Rose that when he and Regulus were small Regulus enjoyed to play as imaginary knights. They’d both taken up fencing growing up and fencing was rather boring to Sirius until Regulus came up with the knight game. Then, Sirius got bored of that. He wanted to be a pirate instead. Regulus didn’t care much for playing pirates.
Knights served.
Pirates took.
Sirius’ voice brought her attention back out of a memory that was not even her own.
“And you may have once understood that but now…now I’m put in the position of being angry at you, jealous of Regulus’, afraid for him, afraid you’ll hurt him. Rose, if you break my brother’s heart what am I to do about it? If I help you break his heart what does that make me?“ He sighed, rubbing the tattoo on his neck.
“Well…what do you want, Sirius?” Rose asked, he smiled a sad little smile, but answered with a joke.
 “I want to live out my days with you, Regulus, and all the lads except I lock you all in a tower somewhere and we do the whole Rapunzel thing. I want Lily and James to be happy forever, I want my little brother safe, and I want you and Moons.” He said, his sarcasm falling into despair.
Rose took that in, closing her eyes briefly before opening them again. Dim orange light from the fire illuminating her features and making her hair appear as alive as the flames themselves.
“Earlier you said you forgive me. What if I want to remain…friends…with Regulus? Can you still forgive me knowing that?“ She asked, he released her hand.
“I think I can.” He said, and something inside of Rose threw her arms around him in the tightest hug she could muster, when his face buried into her shoulder it was warm and Rose could feel it heating further.
She’d thought their everything was over, but here they were.
“I don’t remember the last time a girl made me blush.” He admitted when she pulled away.
“What about boys?” She asked with a cheeky smile.
“Boy. Remus.” He said, looking away with a deepening flush to his cheeks and tip of his nose.
“And…he use to make me blush all the time. Godric, I remember the first time I saw him, I didn’t even think it was possible to fancy someone in first year but when I saw the way he looked I just thought, “wow that kid is badass, I’m gonna force that wanker to be my friend” and it worked. My heart use to stop just looking at him, still does sometimes.” Sirius explained.
You would expect Rose to be jealous, but she never found herself feeling that way. Remus was a very private person, so she’d never ask him about these things, but she could assume he loved Sirius, and that knowledge brought her happiness, not anger. Remus was a wonderfully thoughtful lad, and a loyal friend, what more could she want for one of her best friend’s companions?
Of all that happened that night Rose remembered her talk with Sirius the most. The rest had meshed together, but each word he spoke to her was vividly carved into her memory.
When it finally came time to count down to the new year they did so with Lily’s small gold wristwatch, outside under the stars.
The boys hadn’t purchased fireworks of their own, Sirius had grown rather sensitive to the noise of them. It was New Years Eve however, and others had planned for fireworks, the moment Lily counted down the time(just to be scooped up into a kiss by James) they burst into the shy far in the distance, Sirius’ eyes grew wide for a moment before Rose placed her hands firmly over each of his ears, he added his own atop of her’s and smiled at her.
The fireworks erupted into the sky and shined back down into Sirius’ eyes, filling them with color.
Rose simply held him there, their foreheads leaned together.
As unconventional as it may have been, Rose was happy.


Chapter 73
Rose was beyond grateful that things had gone back to normal once she returned to Hogwarts.
She sat with the Marauders at breakfast, sent little smiles across the table to Sirius, discussed James’ Muggle Studies class with him, and though Pete seemed to have grown quieter she still managed to get a laugh out of him from time to time.
She’d also missed being able to use the Marauders Map, Regulus didn’t come to breakfast anymore so sometimes she’d ask to barrow it to check on him, his daily ritual seemed to be quickly visiting Xenophilius then running off on his own until breakfast was concluded.
After that, they actually had their first class of the day together, Divination.
“You look less dreary than usual, Black.” Rose whispered to him, she hadn’t known they shared the class, but once he walked in she knew exactly who would be seated next to her.
“You smell less like dirt than usual, Evans.” He whispered back, pinching the bit of her thigh that was visible from under the table. She jerked at the unexpected sensation, and sending a pointed look at him as Regulus removed the smile that was forming on his face, promptly returning his attention to the professor(who held a variety of spiritual trinkets in their hands, showing them to the class).
“How’d you like the gift I left in your dorm before the break?” She asked quietly, looking forward.
“Oh, that was you?” He whispered sarcastically, she’d not left a note behind, but the gift itself was obviously from her. It was the beetle she’d found, properly preserved and framed. She’d also added a charm so have the bug’s wings flap at every hour.
“It’s cute, but sometimes when it moves I get this urge to free it.”
“It’s not alive.”
“It looks trapped.”
“I mean I can remove the char—“
“It’s fine.” Regulus interrupted quickly, right before the professor glanced their way.
Regulus sent them a small smile, falsely appearing enthralled by the subject they were teaching.
“We’ll talk later, I can actually see you tonight.” Regulus said, notably quieter than anything else he’d said.
“We will.” Rose agreed with a small smile of her own.
What she didn’t mention is that she’d already agreed to plans with Sirius that night, her roommates were all going somewhere together so it seemed the perfect time to attempt and reunite the boys, and they’d made it happen without Rose really having to do much at all.
Granted she could have warned them.
—
Sirius and Rose had been talking when Regulus arrived, pushing the door open and immediately removing his robes, beneath them he wore a grey sweater atop his Slytherin tie and white collared shirt, a chain with his family crest hung around his neck. His hair was tucked neatly behind his ears. The pitch black curls did not quite touch his shoulders. Silver rings adored his pale hands, his nails manicured to perfection.
Sirius looked nothing like that.
Sirius had the sleeves of his white shirt rolled up to the elbows, tattoos firmly on display, he wore a large gold ring with a ruby set into it. His hair was a mess of curls that went past his shoulders and began to fall down his back, his tie was tossed onto the bedside table. He wore chipped black nail polish.
The moment he saw Regulus he blinked a few times just to be sure he’d seen the right thing. He stopped mid sentence, they’d been talking about him and Moony’s relationship, more so how Sirius was able to get him to open up so much(Sirius blamed the monotony of so many detentions together, Rose simply thinks Sirius is easy to open up to).
“Brother?” Sirius croaked out as half question and half apology, their last interaction replaying in his mind.
Regulus looked between the two of them, utterly silent.
“Thorns…” Sirius began once more, cautiously, Rose was happy just to hear the nickname again.
“Sirius.” She said, before looking over at Reg.
“Regulus.” She added before continuing.
“I’d like for you two to try and talk some things out again. Gentler this time.” She said as she got up and made her way to where Regulus stood next to the door. She locked it before facing the both of them again.
“Please.” Was the final thing she could add.
“Sirius, you look like mum’s worse nightmare.” Regulus stated in a voice so flat it was hard to tell how exactly he meant it.
“And you look like an absolute ray of sunshine.” Sirius added sarcastically, standing as he did so.
Regulus’ jaw clenched together, Rose could only assume he was already grinding his teeth.
Sirius grabbed for his wand in his pocket, pulling it out and conjuring a specific record upon Stephone’s record player on her side of the dorm, then he placed the needle down dramatically, the music started up and Regulus’ face grew stonier as Mr. Blue Sky started playing.
Sun is shinin' in the sky
There ain't a cloud in sight
“Very humorous, Sirius.”
It's stopped rainin' everybody's in the play
And don't you know
It's a beautiful new day, hey hey
“What was that, Reggie?” Sirius asked, turning the music up and humming along.
Runnin' down the avenue
See how the sun shines brightly in the city
On the streets where once was pity
Mr. Blue Sky is living here today, hey hey
“Turn it off, Sirius.“
Sirius began to sing along, holding his arms out for Regulus.
“Mr. Blue Sky, please tell us why”
You had to hide away for so long
“So long!” He dramatically added even the background vocals.
Where did we go wrong?
“Sirius.”
Mr. Blue, you did it right
But soon comes Mr. Night creepin' over
Now his hand is on your shoulder
Never mind I'll remember you this
I'll remember you this way
Sirius sang, and danced, and Regulus stood there glaring, until…
“Mr. Blue Sky…” He just barely whispered.
“Please tell us why!” Sirius sang louder, his taunts turning into encouragement.
“Please tell us why.” Reg sang along quietly, arms crossed, frustration coming out in his tone.
“You had to hide away for so long!” Sirius added reaching out once more.
 “So long!” Regulus shot back(still annoyed), uncrossing his arms.
“Where did we go wrong?” Sirius spoke the next line, turning the music down to an almost silence whisper behind then, though the beat could still be felt. 
Hey there Mr. Blue 
We're so pleased to be with you
Look around see what you do 
Everybody smiles at—
Sirius cut the record off right before it finished, looking at his brother across the room. 
“Come sit.” Rose patted the empty spots next to her on the bed where she’d gone during their little performance. Each followed, they sat in a semi-circle on the small bed.
There was an awkward silence for a few beats until Sirius spoke up with an ice breaker. 
“You ever man up and get a real tattoo?”
“…no” Regulus said, it was half true.
“Why’d you scrunch up your nose like that?”
“I didn’t.”
“You just did it again. You liar, where’s your tattoo?” He asked, searching his brother, lifting his collar, looking around.
“Okay, okay, I’ll show you.” Regulus said grumpily, removing Sirius’ hands before lifting his shirt to show the stick n poke “R” Rose had added to him, and since touched up a few times.
“Not technically a “real” one, but yeah. I did.” He said, laying his shirt back down.
Sirius connected the dots very quickly, and the look it brought to his face confused Rose, it was almost like Sirius was jealous…of her?
Regulus picked up on it as well, turning to her. 
“I’d like you to go, I’d like to speak to my brother alone. I owe him that.” He said gently. 
“You know where to find me when you’re done.” She said, easing off the mattress and making her way to the door.
“Thank you, Thorns.” Sirius added, Rose felt it was for more than just bringing them together, but couldn’t be sure. She sent him a small wave.
“Good luck.” She responded. Shutting the door gently behind her. It was never her intention to stay there with them, but her hope was that the two of them would see one another again after this.


Chapter 74
When Rose made her way to the greenhouses that night she found that someone else was already there, James pacing with his hands together behind his back.
“Prongs?” She asked, he looked back at her.
“Finally!” He exclaimed, Rose just shut the door and turned her attention to a candle to her left.
“Incendio” She whispered, a flame appearing right above her pointer finger, she held it against the wick of the rosemary scented candle until it caught, the wax around the middle turning into a clear liquid under the heat.
Shaking the flame out and placing her hand on the wooden table below she looked back at James.
“Finally?” She asked, and he took a few steps closer.
“Yes, I’ve got to tell you something.”
“I see.” Rose said, pulling out the small wooden chair from under her worktable.
“You sit and talk. I’ll work and listen.” She said, walking past the table, it was lined with plants, all expect for the space she had set aside to actually work on. The room held three main tables, the one she stood by, one in the middle that stretched practically the entire length of the room, and another along the back glass, the same length as the second. The two parallel tables were often filled with plants, the table in the center for students and the one along the wall for Rose and Professor Sprout.
All three greenhouses looked very similar, they had ornate metal incense holders hanging from the ceilings, dried herbs too. On Rose’s desk she’d collected all types of things, notes from Sirius, crystals from Peter, candles, insects forever encapsulated in amber she’d gotten from Pandora, and sticks of incense because Regulus liked to play with the smoke.
That place was her home.
“Rose?” James asked, waving to get her attention.
“Sorry. I’m listening.” She apologized, he’d already sat in the chair, she’d just been standing there.
“I want to ask your sister to marry me.” He said, and Rose was—
“Marriage? James!”
“After graduation, of course!”
“Hmmhmhm” Rose hummed anxiously.
“Come on, Thorns. I love her.”
“Trust me no one doubts that, James.”
“I love her precisely the way I intended to. If not more— if at it’s core marriage is about love I’m ready to ask her to marry me.” He explained.
“What if she says no?” Rose asked.
“Then she says no and I’ll try again in couple years.” James said honestly, a smile began to grow on his face as he realized Rose had accepted that he would in fact propose, her worry shifting from the general idea of it to how it might play out.
“Why so sudden though?” She asked, and James sighed, smile flattening.
“Because this is my last year at Hogwarts, Rose. I feel less like myself already, like I’ve been saying goodbye to this place since the start of the school year. After quidditch games win or lose all the lads are cheerin, and I’m just thinking “I’m never doing this again, not here, not with these lads” but some things aren’t going away, me and Lils are going to be forever. I can feel it. There’s a bloody war going on out there and I’m not running from it when I get outta here. I want to marry her.” He explained a rather mixed bag of emotions and worries that Rose attempted to take in.
“Have you got a ring?” She asked, and perhaps unsurprisingly James reached into his pocket.
“I’ve had it for weeks now.” He said, handing the velvet box to Rose for inspection.
The ring was beautiful, a light gold with a smooth band, along the edge of the large center jewel there were flowers carved into it, each had a small diamond in it’s center. Each jewel cut so that it glittered without movement or light present.
“James…she’s going to adore it.” Rose admitted, closing the box and handing it back to it’s proper owner.
“Good. Thank you. Now I…I figure out when to ask her.” James expressed, stress radiating off him.
“You’re going to do fine, Potter. Or she’ll be horrified. Either way, she still loves you.” Rose said, patting him on the back.
James dropped his head into his hands, mumbling. Velvety jewelry box against his face.
—
Regulus eventually told Rose about what happened when she left him and Sirius to talk.
He didn’t share anything they actually talked about, but he did tell her what they did after.
They’d snuck out of the castle together, Regulus was terrified, but he decided to put his trust in his brother just the one time. He hoped Sirius would do everything he could to keep him out of trouble and he did.
What they’d snuck out for was something both of them had wanted to do, go to a muggle tattoo parlor together. It was hard to find one still open, let alone one that would take them, but they managed it.
When Regulus showed the tattoo he’d gotten to her, it was still in the process of healing. It was on his chest, the boy held his shirt in his mouth as she looked at it. Mumbling through the fabric something about it being Sirius’ idea.
Rose ran a gentle finger over it, a longsword, intricately done, it looked almost silver on his chest, and had a green jewel in the hilt.
Sirius had one to match, a cutlass on his right forearm. The cutlass was dark, symbols appeared to be carved into the curved blade, the hand guard was gunmetal grey.
Whatever they had talked about had obviously changed things.
—
For one, Regulus had become more affectionate with Rose.
One day while sat together in Divination he’d pinched her thigh again, she looked at him with the same pointed glare she had the first time he’d done it, a silent challenge for him to do it again.
And he do it it again, he did it until Rose came up with an excuse for them to leave the class and find their way into a relatively secluded broom cupboard, she’d practically memorized possible hiding places within the school, the only problem being that so had the Marauders. 
Rose and Regulus did not get a single kiss into their little excursion from Divination when there was a loud bang at the door, James’ voice followed by the sound of him smacking the Marauders Map against against it.
“Get back to class!” He exclaimed, though he laughed as he did so.
“I hate that bloody map of yours. One of them always knows where we are.” Regulus groaned, removing Rose’s hands from him, and pulling her up out of the floor where she had kneeled.
—
Another change that was brought on from the boy’s talk was the two of them occasionally barrowing one of the greenhouses specifically to listen to music together.
It was rare being as Regulus wasn’t exactly meant to see Sirius, or Rose for that matter.
She would leave them to it, humming to herself a greenhouses over, sometimes she’d overhear an argument followed by troubling silence, but it was understandable. They had a lot to work through together. Rose was just happy the two of them were making an effort to do so.


Chapter 75
About a week after James’ rude interruption of their attempted broom cupboard alone time Rose had planned an outing with Regulus.
She’d taken him back to the cave not far out of the Hogwarts grounds, she’d brought the Marauders Map and James’ invisibility cloak along with her, and because of a rule they’d made long ago the boys couldn’t ask why she required either item. It was perfect.
Streams of light shined through cracks in the stone, lush plant life covered the cave walls and most of the ground.
Water flowed all throughout the cave, waterfalls both big and small could be heard as they explored.
There was even a few signs of life, dragonflies zoomed by their heads speedily, each time Rose saw one she’d point at it and say “that’s you” by the third “that’s you” Regulus had a look on his face like he wanted to drown her in the nearest waterfall.
But he seemed to find it endearing.
Colorful rocks lined the bottom of the natural pools, despite the cold Rose had removed her shoes and socks and made her way into the shallow water, splashing about until it was simply too frigid to stand it anymore. The smooth stones had felt nice under her feet though.
Regulus assisted her out of the water, when the cool metal of his ringed hand came in contact with her skin it sent shivers down her spine, he quickly removed his hand with an apologetic look on his face. Rose she her head and took hold his hand again, untucking her blouse and placing his palm flat against the soft skin of her stomach. She’d not broken eye contact with him until he darted his own eyes away, body tensing.
For someone who was usually so cold and brooding, Regulus turned to a puddle when she did things like this.
“Reg.” She said, he looked back at her.
“I’d like for you to kiss me.” She continued, and he instantaneously obliged, removing his hand from her to hold either side of her face gently.
The kiss continued for longer than he may have originally planned it to, he’d found himself leading her to the nearest cave wall, and pressed there against it he reached for his wand, conjuring up a mess of pillows and blankets along the smooth stony ground, Rose broke the kiss soon after, looking at him questioningly.
“Do you…want to…Are you sure?” She asked, finding herself flustered at the idea.
“Very.” He half whispered against her skin.
Just like that her decision on the matter was  made.
“Okay. Yeah.” She agreed, blushy little smile on her face and a squeak to her voice.
“But you know I’ve—“
“Never?” She asked.
“Exactly.” He nodded.
“That’s okay too.” She breathed, pulling him over to the makeshift mattress by his silken emerald shirt.
Just then a dragonfly buzzed by, she dropped his shirt to point excitedly at it.
“That’s you!”
“Rose!” He whined, his voice echoed throughout the space.
A few giggles escaped her as she brought their lips back together, heart pounding and skin buzzing.
—
February 14th 1978
Rose was fully aware that James might propose to Lily that day.
Luckily he didn’t, but he did pull out all the stops. Lily’s day started with white chocolates(her favorites) in the cliché heart container, followed by bouquets of flowers in every class(all created by him and Rose the night before, booya teamwork).
Sirius and Remus were also celebrating, and while Sirius had given Rose gifts as well she wanted his focus to be on Moons, he agreed albeit a tad begrudgingly.
Over the years Sirius had collected bits and pieces from their letters, binding them together along with notes and photos, just memories.
Rose was unsure if he used some sort of spell or perhaps made it on his own, but when he put it all together it looked like a proper book, like an old classic.
The title he’d added in gold lettering atop of the green fabric read as such:
The Adventures of Thorns and Sirius Black
Rose almost shed a tear upon having it presented to her at breakfast, he’d added new notes all throughout, he even said a few apologies were scattered amongst them, things he’d wanted to send to her but couldn’t bring himself to do at the time.
Rose’s Valentine’s Day started almost ethereally.
It fell to bits in her first class.
She sat happily, practically bouncing with energy. When Regulus sat next to her he appeared drained, quieter, he’d not even looked in her direction.
“Reg?” She asked in a hushed tone, he made no effort to keep anything from her.
“My mother wrote me with news.” He said tensely.
“What about?” She whispered in return.
“A…Valentines Day gift.” He said, jaw clenching tightly.
“She has arranged a betrothal for me.” He finally said.
“When?” Rose asked, unhappiness written plainly on her face.
“Right after we graduate next year.”
Have you ever felt your heart sink to the pit of your stomach?
Have you felt it being set afire by the acid there?
“Congratulations” Rose managed to say.
Congratulations.
—
She spent her next class in her happy place, a cigarette between her fingers, between the rings she wore that belonged to Regulus.
She watered plants that needed it and snipped at those who had grown too big.
She heard the door open and someone step inside.
“Herbivicus” They said, Rose recognized the spell Sirius enjoyed to use on her, it caused the flowers in the greenhouse to bloom, but she was in no mood for his romantic gestures. She turned around quickly.
“Go away Bla—“ she stopped, being greeted by Regulus’ face instead of his brothers.
“Black.” She finished, her features softened.
“Well you knew it was one if us.” Regulus said, he could read her so easily.
The cigarette burned down to a nub between her fingers.
“I’m sorry, Reg. About the engagement.” She said, disappointment and worry written plainly on her face.
He took in a deep breath, rolling his shoulders back before speaking.
“I knew it was coming. They’d tried to plan one for Sirius. You can assume how that went.”
“Who is it?” She asked.
“Some pure-blood girl.” He answered bitterly.
“Maybe she’ll be nice.” Rose attempted to encourage him.
“I don’t particularly want nice. My brother and I have rather specific taste really.” He said, tugging at a few leaves as he walked closer to her.
“And what’s that?” She asked quietly.
“The opposite of what our family would want for us. I want someone warm, exuberant, and affectionate.” He listed the qualities and Rose took the moment to make a joke.
“Sounds like James to me.”
“I did have a little crush on him in second year.”
“No way!” Rose exclaimed with a laugh, Regulus just barely smiled to himself.
“Not anymore, obviously.” He said, motioning towards Rose.
She blushed a tab, tossing what was left of the cigarette in a small rubbish bin under her desk.
“Maybe she’ll be like you.” She said, encouraging.
“I’m not sure I’d want that either.” He responded, standing next to her.
“I’ve been like me my whole life and I’ve never quite liked it.” He added, leaning against the desk despairingly.
She didn’t respond to his self effacing comment, instead Rose rested her head against him, voice coming out soft and sweet as the bloomed flowers throughout the green house overlooked the two of them.
“Hey….uh…Happy Valentine’s Day, Regulus.”
“Happy Valentine’s Day.”   


Chapter 76
While Rose took note of every sunny day at Hogwarts they didn’t actually occur all that frequently.
More often than not the sun was hidden behind clouds, it was uncomfortably cold, and almost no one was out on the grounds.
The grass always remained a vibrant green, however.
February 15th 1978
On the grassy shore of Black Lake Rose and Sirius looked up into the gloomy skies from where they laid on their backs.
Occasionally their finger tips would brush softly, twitching between the blades of grass. Neither would address the touch, nor pull away from it. Rose’s throned wand lay to her left with Sirius at her right.
His hair was bunched up against the grass accompanied by his chest rising and falling with each smooth breath. A variety of his tattoos were on display.
“Have you looked through your book yet?” He asked making an effort to look at her, though his hair obstructed his view.
“I have. I found the apologies too. Stephone and Ode were being a bit nosy, so they may have seen them as well.” She informed him.
Her own hair was a mess, coppery waves tangling together beneath her head. On her stomach sat a pile of miniature yellow and lilac flowers. Earlier she’d conjured them, and throughout their conversation she’d been picking them.
“Since you’re here with me I assume all is fine.” Sirius said, moving his line of sight back up to the clouds.
“All is fine.” She agreed, picking another tiny flower and placing it into her pile.
“How was your Valentine’s day?” She asked, looking over to him this time.
“It was bloody amazing.” He admitted, eyes remaining on the sky.
Rose thought about how her own night was spent, fingers tangling through Regulus’ curls and peppering kisses up his left arm while murmuring words of comfort to him.
She exhaled, her fingers involuntarily tapping at Sirius’ again.
He removed his hand, using it and the other one to to pull her up and onto his lap. She gasped at the unexpected action. Once she was stable he laid back and placed his arms behind his head
Rose’s tiny flowers had spilled onto the grass and Sirius’ chest during the quick transfer.
“Has Regulus informed you on what our mother has done?” He asked.
“He has.” She reported with a sigh, head hanging down defeatedly. He nudged her cheek with a hand gently.
“You’re so dramatic, love.” He said, picking up a small flower and placing it on her head.
“Oh, Says you. Piss off, Sirius.” She responded, trying to hide the warm smile that had begun to form on her face and shaking the flower out of her hair. It bounced off his nose and onto the grass below.
Rose brought a hand to his chin. Feeling the bristly hair that had begun to grow there. 
“You’re growing a beard.” She said, surprised.
“It’s hardly a beard, and so is Moons.”
“Moony’s looks good.”
“And mine doesn’t?”
“It’s not very prominent.”
“You’re just not wearing your glasses.”
Rose leaned down closer, until their noses brushed and her cheeks flushed.
“I can see perfectly fine, Black. Remus is just better at growing facial hair than you.” She said, voice a little unsteady, this had been the closest she’d been to Sirius in a long while.
When her challenging eyes finally meet his he moved beneath her, swiftly knocking her off him as he scrambled to his feet.
“I’ve got to go.” He said, clearing his throat and stuffing both his hands in his pockets, rocking back on his heels.
“Alright?” Rose said, confusion on her face as she dusted the grass off her.
“I’ll see you around?” She asked, looking up at him.
“Of course, Thorns.” He agreed, giving her a rushed wave before making his way towards the castle. Rose began picking the little flowers again, making a new pile for them.
—
Rose hadn’t expected any visitors that night, but she had one. A very brief one.
She was in the Slytherin common room studying well into the night when she heard a noise over the sound of crackling fire.
Knock knock
It was a light, normal knock.
It was the knock Remus had picked out as his own years ago when the lads needed secret knocks to come steal her away for pranks and mischief.
Rose opened the entrance for him, he had a lethargic look and moved a bit slowly as he entered the dungeon, sitting on the antique green velvet sofa near the fire. He wore an old sweater, it was once oversized but now it fit him perfectly.
“I had a smoke with Pads and Regulus in one of the greenhouses. You weren’t there.” He said, she sat on the other end of the large sofa, running her hand over the velvet material.
“I had to study, I told them they could use it if they wanted.” She explained, Remus nodded.
“Regulus is a decent bloke really.” Remus said, Rose nodded, his visit was sudden, but she question it. It was nice to talk with him.
“They’re planning to prank you in there somehow, but you didn’t hear it from me.” He said groggily, perhaps still feeling the effects of his smoke session with the two menaces.
“Thanks for the heads up.” She said with a little smile.
“Anytime.” He replied, half lidded eyes peering over at her.
Remus was someone Rose never felt she truly understood.
Out of all her mates Remus talked about himself the least by far.
She knew things about him, she’d overheard him talking about his parents once or twice. He only talked about them in the past tense so Rose didn’t push for more information.
She knew he was good enough at taking care of plants to keep the potted flower she’d made for him alive.
She knew he loved muggle literature. Lily had told her that.
He also loved coffee, Dorcas shared that bit, she loved it too.
Sirius claims he’ll sleep all day if you let him, maybe into the night as well.
Most of what she knew of Remus she’d learned from others, but she had learned about him first hand as well. In fact the notes he’d left her while her and Sirius were not talking still sat in a neat pile on her bedside table, held down with a small pink stone.
“I should go back to my own common room, Thorns.” Moony’s voice brought her out of her thoughts, he was already standing and yawning.
“Be careful, don’t get caught. I like cats, but I think the one that prowls around at night looking for students might be evil.” She warned, making a little face as he made his way to the exit.
“It was nice to see you, Moons.” She added, he huffed out a satisfied “hm” before leaving the common room.
The crackling fireplace became the only sound once more.


Chapter 77
Rose wasn’t quite able to get Remus’ visit out of the back of her mind, but she hadn’t found the courage to ask about it either.
If it’s important it will come up again she thought, and thusfar it hadn’t.
February 19th 1978
Sitting in a small circle in Marauders dorm Rose offered each of them a stick of muggle chewing gum, cinnamon flavored. Peter could barely hold his head up yet he was still so drowsy with sleep. Let alone take the offer as he leaned against his bed. James sat next to him with enough energy to carry them all through the day. Sirius and Remus were beside one another, their knees touching as they sat with their legs crossed, hands lazily placed in their laps. Remus took a piece from Rose as she held it out for him.
Regulus was laid on his back on the floor with a muggle philosophy book he borrowed from Remus on his chest. His legs were crossed at the ankles, and he used a pillow Peter had dropped down for him to lay his head on earlier.
Rose offered him a stick as well, he silently declined and she popped the final piece in her mouth.
They’d all decided to meet up before breakfast. Regulus was already dressed for the day ahead. He wore his Slytherin robes, dark trousers and a white button up, all tailored specifically for him.
Over the shirt, but under his robes he had on a worn green cardigan that had originally belonged to Rose. His quidditch jumper had become too small for her, so she’d stopped wearing it, and she insisted he took the cardigan from her as a trade of sorts. It fit a smidgen too large, but he didn’t seem to mind.
He wore a bit of makeup as well, Sirius had done some rather sharp eyeliner on him a while ago and it still remained perfect.
“You look so pretentious, Reg.” Sirius quipped, glancing over at him. Regulus moved only his eyes to his brother’s direction, a tsk sound coming from his mouth as he tapped the edge of his book.
“And you look like a prat.” He said.
“I do not.”
“You do.”
Sirius crossed his arms over his chest, Regulus moved his eyes back to the same page he’d been attempting to read without disruption for quite some time.
“Why is it we can never stay on task?” James asked the group, Remus snickered to himself and Rose sighed.
“Exactly we’re meant to be scheming lads.” Rose said, Regulus rolled his eyes in his spot.
“I’m not helping with any scheme of their’s. It was bad enough I came here at all.”
“We’re not going to get you in trouble, we’ve got the cloak to ensure you and Rosie get back to the dungeons without a soul seeing. We can do things carefully when we must.” James explained.
“Plus, we need a proper prank and I need inspiration for a proposal.” He continued, Regulus scoffed.
“Have your parents write her mum a letter and trap her.” He said, still bitter by his own engagement. He wore the ring he received around his neck, but he refused to wear it on any of his fingers.
James scoffed right back in response.
“Well Reggie some people still care about being romantic.” He verbally shot at him, Regulus smirked to himself, bringing the book to his face, the smell of old parchment had a comforting familiarity for him.
“Oh, I can be very romantic.” He said, mocking his brother’s usual tone.
Sirius didn’t miss a beat, hurling a pillow across the dorm at him.
His face scrunched up at the contact, but he simply added the pillow to the one under his head.
“Thank you, brother.” He chirped, bringing his attention back to Plato once more.
“He’s evil lads I keep telling you.” Sirius said, though there was an airy and sanguine smile on his face.
This was them getting along.
“Oh, bugger off.” Regulus retorted, James cut in once again.
“Mates, enough bickering, we’re here to chat ideas.”
“I’m not your mate, Potter. All your mates are subservient to your mischief. I am not nor do I plan to be.” Regulus added without taking his eyes off the book in his hands. James was utterly unbothered, but Sirius grabbed towards his brother. Remus held him firmly in place so it did no use. Regulus moved about an inch in the opposite direction and seemed to flinch a bit, but had no other reaction.
“Subservient? You. Little. Tosser.” Sirius said, reaching agitatedly at him with every word. Seeing the futility of his brother’s actions Regulus simply laughed to himself, book half covering his face.
He didn’t throw his head back laughing like Sirius did. No, Regulus would try to suppress the smile on his face until he couldn’t anymore, finally letting out a sound almost like a giggle though it was too deep to actually be one.
James ignored them, addressing Rose directly since she seemed to be the only one paying attention.
“Thorns, do you have any ideas?” He asked, Rose let out a soft bit of laughter before she answered.
“I do actually.”
“Brilliant. Let’s hear it.” He said exasperatedly. 
“I’m not sure you’ll like it, but it’s better than whatever these gits can come up with.”
—
At first James didn’t like it very much, at first all the lads(minus Regulus) weren’t all that impressed.
But weeks later, there they were sneaking around Hogwarts with her. Conjuring up rows of hulking rose bushes(mostly de-thorned) filling classrooms, passageways, and even the Great Hall with them. Turning the whole castle into a fragrant maze of sorts. The green foliage giving the castle a dark look on the inside.
Despite what he’d said, Regulus’ proficiency in potions was utilized in the prank. Both students and professors spent the next few days wandering around in the castle. Discarded rose petals were trampled through the twists and turns of the maze on the stone floor.
The castle was not useless however, each entry way worked, it was simply charmed to appear as if it was blocked. You could run through the tall bushes into your classroom the same way you ran into Platform Nine and Three Quarters, you just had to try it.
The group(once again, minus Regulus) did get punished for it. The five of them had detention for the next week, but they knew they were going to be caught. They’d left a note stuck to the headmaster’s office, stabbed into the door by one of the thorny vines they conjured.
“From the Marauders, with love.” It read in eloquent red ink.
That had been James’ idea.
—
James’ next order of business was far more important.
March 3rd 1978
Cokeworth, England, Easter Break
James and Rose stood together in a small meadow not far from her family home. Their mates had stayed back at Hogwarts. Remus had promised to show the lads to a muggle Easter egg hunt around the castle, and they had all wished James luck beforehand.
They’d laid out a blanket, it was baby blue and white checkered print. Looking much like a nice blue sky. There was basket with a bow tied to it. It held bread, a variety of fruits, wine glasses, and of course wine.
On the blanket itself sat some of Lily’s painting equipment, an old palette that had a good bit of paint dried onto it, freshly washed brushes, and a canvas sitting in a small easel.
Nervousness radiated off James. He’d been extra chatty the entire time they’d been setting up for him and Lily’s date.
“What about you, Thorns? How do you want to be proposed to?” He asked, straightening the white silk bow on the basket.
“Erm..” She thought aloud, blowing a piece of hair out of her face.
“I think I’d just want them to ask…“hey, you want to get married?” I think I’d like that.” She said while rearranging Lily’s paint brushes for what must have been the tenth time since she originally placed them.
“That’s it?” He asked, she nodded.
“Yeah. That’s it.”
She thought about marriage sometimes, she thought about running off and marrying Regulus in a forest somewhere, no kiss or ring, just the two of them agreeing to stay by each others side until death tore them apart.
She couldn’t do that though, not really.
She thought about marrying Sirius, but she couldn’t do that either.
“Are we sure this is a good idea, James?” She asked, he pushed up his glasses and smiled semi-surely.
“Absolutely.”
“Walk me through it one more time?” She asked.
“You’re gonna run off and hide somewhere—“
“Can’t I just snake down and hide in the basket?” She asked.
“Absolutely not. You’ll hide in the bushes like a normal person.” He said, Rose nodded.
“Okay, fair.” She said and he continued on with his plan.
“Then I’ll go get her. She’ll think this is just a normal date, we’ll have drinks and food, and I’ll sit here—“ he said, sitting on the opposite side of the canvas on the grass. His head propped in his hands cutely.
“And she’ll paint me, when she’s just about done with my face I’ll slowly bring the ring out of my pocket, she’ll notice while she’s painting, and hopefully she’ll agree to marry me.” He said hopping up from his spot.
Rose smiled gleefully at him taking his hands into hers.
“You’re going to marry her, James. I know it.” She said.
“And if she says no at least you’ve got a portrait of yourself right?” She joked, trying to ease his nerves.
“Right.” He agreed with a chuckle.
“Well, I’m gonna go hide in the bushes like a “normal person” Good luck, James.” She said, giving his hands one final squeeze before doing just that. 


Chapter 78
Rose watched the proposal from the nearby forest line. She was out of earshot, but had a clear view.
Once James returned with Lily she gravitated towards her paints. She had already begun posing James when he pointed at the basket next to them. Lily’s face seemed to light up further at the prospect of food and wine.
She reached into the picnic basket and pulled out a small fresh-baked loaf of bread that was wrapped in parchment paper. When Lily pulled it out of it’s paper shell Rose squinted to see that it was circular with a dusting of flour atop it.
Along with the bread there was a basket of strawberries. James had an affinity for strawberries, so much so Rose had considered teaching him how to grow his own.
 He had already taken his pose by this time, though he broke his stillness to point at the basket again. Lily reached into it and took out a single berry, placing it in his mouth.
To which the absolute menace ate the whole thing, leaves an all. Rose could see Lily mouth a very clear “James Potter!” before they both laughed. James took his pose again, his usual confident smirk back on his face.
Rose sat restlessly as Lily painted James. She took care with each curl, and spent ample time on his eyes. She captured both the beauty of them, and the smallest reflection of herself on his glasses.
Though, Rose couldn’t see those details from the bushes.
James held the ring in his hands for quite some time before Lily noticed it. In fact, she was so focused on his face that she’d practically finished the portrait when she actually saw it. She’d took a quick glance down at his hands and her world seem to stop.
Lily didn’t burst into tears or reach over her painting to hug him. Lily tapped her paintbrush into a small cup of paint water, and sat it down gently. She then stood up and made her way over to him, and there she practically collapsed in his arms, hugging him and murmuring what looked to be “yes” over and over again.
It was yes.
Once everyone was together again at Hogwarts the lads celebrated for days.
Lily’s mates were all happy too. They’d decided upon Mary as the perfect maid of honor, even Rose gave it the “younger sister seal of approval”. Marlene was definitely in the running for the position, but it was rather unanimous that for the actual “wedding planning” part Mary would be the best option.
Their sister Petunia had gotten married a few months before the new year had begun and neither Rose nor Lily were a part of the ceremony, let alone the planning portion.
Lily did attend their sister’s wedding, she even brought James along, but it did nothing to fix their sisterhood. In fact, it seemed to put the final nail in it’s coffin.
When James met Petunia and her awfully boring husband Vernon he kept making mistake after mistake. After a few disagreements and petty comments by Petunia’s new husband the night ultimately ended with Lily in tears and her sister more upset than ever. James’ ego had not fully recovered from the event, but Lily’s love for him had not faded.
She had lost a sister though. A sister who, at one time long ago, had shielded her and Rose from their parents incessant bickering. Keeping the girls close and out of their family mess. She’d protected them when they were small.
At one time.
—
While Lily’s mates planned for the wedding, Rose’s had begun planning for war.
Late night talks between the boys almost always ended in talk of revolution, fueled by the support Headmaster Dumbledore was giving them.
Rose hated it, she hated the idea of them graduating and immediately going off to fight, but they seemed so sure of themselves.
Meanwhile, Regulus’ fighting had already begun. On the opposing side.
The Daily Prophet, a wizard newspaper, shared stories of Death Eaters burning muggle villages to the ground. Terrorizing both the muggle and Wizarding World. Regulus claimed the stories were grossly overdramatized, but Rose could never quite be sure.
Regulus and Sirius’ sibling bickering had intensified, instead of little jabs and sarcastic comments it had circled back to them questioning one another’s morality.
Rose would do her best to ignore them when she worked in the greenhouses late into the night. She’d work away with her plants and hum show tunes to herself, but she always heard bits and pieces of the brothers confrontations from the other greenhouse.
“….it’s for you!…” Sirius would yell.
“….high right now?!….” He would ask.
“….fuck off then!….” Regulus would say, rather often.
Sometimes Rose would hear a loud bang or the sound of a claypot smashing against something, usually followed by a string of apologies the next time she saw either boy.
It became too much. Instead of taking a place the brothers could have some form of privacy she decided to change her working schedule. Choosing to work at the same time as Professor Sprout using her free period and dinner.
And later she’d thankfully found another safe place.
Curled in her snake form atop of a mossy gargoyle’s head that was half embedded in the dirt of the main garden. Grass and other plant life had begun to overtake the stone. The rose Moony had charmed there still remained next to it, in fact there were a few more.
She often fell asleep on this soft bed of moss,  to be woken by one of the Black brothers, they’d pick her up and make their way back to her dorm and stay there till morning.
—
That’s where she was now, curled atop the mossy stone.
She awoke when Sirius tapped her gently with the Marauders Map.
“Wake up miss sister-of-the-bride.” He said.
A soft hiss greeted his smiling face before Rose transformed back to her normal self, still sitting on the gargoyle’s head.
“I was sleeping.” She grumbled, pushing her glasses up and letting out a yawn.
“I know.” He said, pointing at the map.
“You’re where you go to brood when Regulus or I have done something stupid. So, which one of us did it, and what did we do?” He asked, crossing his arms languidly.
“It’s nothing either of you have done specifically. It’s just everything, Sirius.” She tried to explain. He looked at her with anticipation, edging her to expand.
“It’s all of you. You lot are ready to walk out onto a battlefield and Regulus wanders into my dorm in the middle of the night after leaving one. I’m worried. Every time I try to plan for Lily’s wedding I’m just reminded that this time next year Regulus will be repairing for his, you are all gonna be gone. I’m going to be all alone.” She said, running her fingers over the mossy stone beneath her.
“You’re not going to be alone, Thorns. Okay? You’re gonna have your mates and that blonde girl Reggie hangs around. You’re gonna graduate and come stay with me and Moons in the flat we’re going to get— it’s all going to work out.”
“And what about Regulus? What about my mum? I’m just meant to abandon them like y—“ She paused.
Sirius’ voice must have dropped a whole octave when he spoke up.
“Like who?” He asked, Rose just shook her head. Refusing to finish the statement she already regretted.
Sirius sighed, he lacked the energy to argue.
“Rose, I trust you to take care of Reg while you’re here, but after Hogwarts I’m not sure what will become of him. He won’t listen.” Sirius explained, despair tugging at his voice.
Since the awkwardness from Valentine’s day was long over Rose had grown very attached to Sirius again, and seeing him hurt— seeing either of them hurt brought her pain as well.
All she could do was look at him.
He asked her something in that moment, in a voice so low she could barely hear it.
“What was that?” She asked, cautiously.
“Do you mind if I muck about as Padfoot for a bit? Helps to clear my head.” He asked, still in a rather hushed tone.
“Go ahead. I’ll be right here when you’re ready to go.” She said, placing a hand supportively on his shoulder before he transformed down into a large shaggy haired black dog without a care in the world.
It was Sirius with some false form of peace.


Chapter 79
Rose hadn’t slept much that night, when she and Sirius parted it left a melancholy in her that stole her sleep and poisoned her dreams.
The next morning she shared breakfast with the Marauders as usual. A cup of tea held tightly in her hands. Sirius threw his head back laughing, James went on and on about Lily, Peter sat pulling at the strings of his sweater, and Remus watched them all as he usually did.
As Rose sat there that morning, a regular morning, she finally grasped the fullness of something James had said to her on the day he asked to marry Lily.
 And I just kept thinking, I’m never doing this again, not here, not with these lads. 
 Those words echoed in her conscience until her presence became only a physical one. Her mind detached. 
—
“Bonjour, ma belle.”  Regulus whispered a greeting as he took the seat across from Rose in Divination. She sat with her arms crossed and her head down.
“  Mon chér  ” She responded weakly.
“You’re learning.” He whispered, an air of smugness to his words, as if he’d really said “ You’re learning for me. ”
She tilted her head to the side, catching a glimpse of him with her drowsy eyes.
“I borrowed a french novel from Odette, it was Dorcas’. It’s got her shitty handwriting all throughout it. It helped me learn some common expressions.”
“I’d like for you to call me   ma chéri  e as well, Rose.”
“What’s the difference?” She asked, sitting straight up and facing him properly.
“I’d prefer you didn’t know the difference.”
“Well that’s not very fair.”
“It’s fair to me, for the moment.”
“Fine. Keep your illusive truths to yourself.” She said, perhaps a bit more bitter than she’d meant to.
Any further line of questioning would have been cut off anyway. The lesson was beginning at the front of the class.
The divination classroom was relatively small and circular, vibrantly coloured fabric lined the walls and ceilings, the windows were covered in a less opaque material causing the morning light to enter the room in prismatic streams.
The room was filled with circle tables, all but one of which had a single crystal ball in the middle. For today’s lesson each table was also equipped with a small tea set.
The day’s lesson was on Tessomancy. Tessomancy is the name for the art of reading tea leaves, usually for the purpose of predicting the future.
The method the professor taught was to go as follows:
Student 1 prepares a single pot of tea, pouring it into a tea cup, and allowing Student 2 to drink it.
When Student 2 has finished their tea they will stir the leaves before gently placing the cup open-side down onto the small plate the teacup previously rested on.
When the tea cup is lifted with the open-side up once more the tea leaves remaining in the bottom are “read” with a list of symbols they might represent by Student 1, thus predicting the future of Student 2.
Regulus decided he was Student 1.
He poured Rose a cup of tea, conjuring a sprinkle of cinnamon into it with a whispered incantation and subtle hand movements.
To Rose’s left was the open textbook. It’s pages were old and brittle, but had illustrations of what to expect from the tea leaves within it. Each example had a name atop it, the illustration itself was done with individual dots of ink, and the explanation was written beneath it. Seven different possibilities were drawn on the two pages.
Rose finished the tea and flipped the teacup over to reveal the leaves. The two of them peered into the cup together.
Rose took a quick glance at the book, going through each possible symbol.
“Looks…I guess like a cross to me?” She said aloud, Regulus looked down at the book to read the cross’ meaning.
“Trails and suffering.” He said, glancing over at Rose who upon hearing that had begun stirring the cup around in her hand.
“I don’t think you’re meant to mix your future around.” He said. Rose tsked, but handed over the cup for Regulus to take another look at the newly-swirled tea leaves.
“That one.” He said, pointing at one of the illustrations from the book.
It looked like a wolf perhaps, or a dog, it’s title “The Grim”.
Reading the title alone made Rose feel uneasy, but when she read it’s single word description the unease turned to anxiety like a thorny vine twisting around in her belly.
Death.
She closed the book, taking the cup from Regulus and spilling most of the remaining tea leaves out of the cup and into the plate beneath it.
The professor was currently making their rounds, checking on each pair of students.
“This stuff is bullshit.” Rose said defensively, shoving the book away from her.
“I’m sure it is, but am I meant to tell the professor that?” He asked as the professor inched one table closer.
“Just tell them it was a…” Rose trailed off, thinking through the other possibilities she’d read before re-arranging the very few tea leaves left in the bottom of the cup to make it.
“A sun.” She said, handing Regulus the newly fixed tea cup.
“What’s that mean?” He asked, looking down at the tea leaves in the cup he now held.
“Great happiness.”
“More likely we’ll have the trials and suffering.”
“  Regulus  .” She said right as the professor got to their table. Regulus looked up at them with the beginnings of a smile on his face.
“It’s a sun.” He reported. The professor nodded along and made their way to the next table, Regulus looked back at Rose.
“I know you spend free period with your plants, but could you make an exception today? I’ve got to work on some defensive spells and clearly you should too.” He said, handing the teacup back to her.
It was only the illusion of a question really, he knew her answer.
—
“Is it really necessary we do this in the forbidden forest, Reg?” Rose asked, crunching on twigs beneath her feet as Regulus instructed her on how to hold her wand for the next charm they would be working on, angling her properly before taking a step back.
“Of course. I acknowledge the risks of the two of us working together. I’d rather get caught in the forest with a snake than on the dueling grounds with—“
“A muggle born?” Rose asked, he pricked at her tone.
“A muggle born.” He said, pulling down his sleeves and bringing the subject back to defensive spells.
“For the Patrons Charm you have to think of an intensely happy memory. Can you do that?” He asked, Rose nodded reluctantly.
They’d went through a few defensive charms, but this one was meant to be one of the strongest. Rose had practiced the charm before, but completed it only once.
“I can do it.” She said as she focused on a memory and took in a deep breath.
The memory she chose was from her childhood, her and her two sister’s chasing butterflies in the garden, their parents watching lovingly from the kitchen window.
At first the memory burned with happiness, but the more she focused the more the memory lost it’s luster, the reality of the relationship with her family settling in.
“ Expecto Patronum”  She said, and the lightest beam of light came out of her wand, but no grass snake.
“Was that a happy memory?” Regulus asked, Rose’s eyes flickered to the ground, but she held her wand up.
“Guess not.” She replied, shoulders dropping.
“Think of a happy one.” He instructed.
“I can’t right now.” She argued.
Regulus sighed, running his ringed hand over his face.
“Fine then. We’ll bloody make one.” He said, cheeks turning scarlet as he took her face in his hands and planted a kiss onto her lips.
She allowed herself to melt into it, sleepless nights, and days spent worrying fell away, and all that remained was the two of them. Perhaps the familiarity she felt was happiness. 
When he pulled away his hand remained on the side of her cheek for a moment, his eyes like smoky quartz peering into hers.
“Think of that.” He said, a certain vulnerability to his voice.
 She did, she thought not of one single memory but of every time she’d ever been kissed, ever been held, and the third time she spoke the incantation it worked. 
The small patrons shot out of Rose’s wand with a beam of light, a dragonfly buzzed around her, then Regulus.
Rose looked at Regulus with utter shock, he lifted his hands in mock surrender.
“Don’t look at me.” He said, Rose looked back at the dragonfly buzzing around, it even shot through her hair before it slowly faded away.
“What does that mean?” She asked.
“You’ve managed to find something I don’t know, Evans.” He said, placing his hands in his pockets.
“But I know someone who might understand.” He said, Rose nodded.
“Come by the Ravenclaw common room tonight.” He instructed.
“I’ll be there.” She agreed.
—
Upon meeting up the pair made it to the dorm of one Xenophilius Lovegood.
The other Ravenclaws within his dorm appeared use to Regulus’ presence there. They continued playing some card game in the middle of the floor, though they occasionally looked at Rose with uncertainty.
When the two boys greeted one another Regulus had instantly reached into his pocket and pulled something out, a small bag. It clicked together with the familiar metallic sound of coins. He tossed it to the other lad and Xeno mumbled a “thanks, mate”.
Xenophilius’ bed was like a whole room itself, he had colorful fabrics similar to the ones from the divination classroom draped from the bed posts, he had a myriad of textbooks and various potions lining his bedside table, and Rose even noticed a potted plant of sorts. The same mushrooms he’d asked to grow in the greenhouse.
His white hair was wavy and reflected the color of the burning candles around him.
He had on a white tank top, his uniform shirt atop it completely unbuttoned. His blue Ravenclaw tie hung loose around his neck with the layered necklaces he’s received from Pandora, among them a long chain with an amber oval on the end, a beetle encased forever in the material.
“Your bed looks like the divination classroom, Lovegood.” Rose said as Xeno opened the bed curtains for the three of them to sit down.
“Thanks man.” He said with a dramatic bow before taking his place between the two of them.
He closed the bed curtains and muttered an altered version of the “  Lumos  ” spell. While the usual spell simply caused the edge of one’s wand to glow with a ball of bright light, his spell caused a ball of light to shoot out of his wand, floating up to the top of his enclosed bed.
“ Woah”  Rose said as she reached up to touch it, the light had no mass, yet seemed to posses shape.
“Came up with that myself. I’m a bit of connoisseur of these things.” He said, lazy little smirk on his face.
“And, I hear from this one—“ He said, tapping Regulus on the top of the head.
“That’s why you’re here.” He finished, a smile rose to the Seventh-Year’s face as he quickly looked between them.
“A Patronus taking the shape of someone else’s. That’s rare. Do you know what it means, Little Dude?” Lovegood asked, Regulus’ face hardened a bit.
“If I did why would I be here?” He asked, the older boy just smiled back at him.
“If you didn’t why not just read it in a book? Why come to me? I think you’ve missed me.” He said, ruffling Regulus’ curls.
“Hardly.” He replied, smoothing down his hair, but the smile that tugged at his lips told a different story.
“Now, the task at hand.” Lovegood said, folding his hands together before continuing.
“Allow me to pose you a question, Red.” He addressed Rose. Looking between the two of them once more.
“Do you love him?” Xeno asked straightforwardly.
Rose became a stuttering mess.
“I-I…well I…um-“
“I ask, because at it’s basic level.” Xeno explained, grabbing his wand and conjuring up another ball of light, keeping it at their eye level.
“A Patronus is not exactly an entity of it’s own, but an amalgamation of love, happinesses, and protection. It is at it’s core meant to protect your very soul.” He said, tapping his wand to her forehead.
"When a person's Patronus takes the form of another's I like to think it’s an expression of love, the pure kind before it’s broken down into separate pieces. Do with that information what you will." He explained, stretching out comfortably after bestowing his wisdom upon them.
“Sirius is going to kill me.” Rose groaned exaggeratedly, Regulus had been sitting quietly, but finally spoke up himself.
“ Sirius will never know. ” 


Chapter 80
Later, within the Ravenclaw’s dorm Rose and Regulus had joined Xeno’s roommates for a muggle card game, a gambling game.
A game Rose and the other Ravenclaw boys, all half-bloods, were fairly familiar with. Regulus not so much, but he did have the money to keep the game going, so it did.
They sat in a misshapen circle in the floor, Rose’s head rested daintily in her hands, doe eyes glancing up at each boy before he took his turn.
When her own turn came around she would smile and fiddle with the necklace around her neck. Each time, without fail. No matter how good or bar her cards were.
Xeno didn’t actively participate, but watched the game from where he sat perched upon his bed. Eventually he opened a drawer on his bedside table, the sound of glass bottles clinking together could be heard as he did so. He took out a small vial and drank it, then abandoned his seated position to melt comfortably into his bed.
“You’re winning all my money.” Regulus whispered to Rose after she dealt out a new hand. He wore her green cardigan seated next to her. As he spoke he rolled a bit of fabric from her skirt through his fingers.
“Am I?” She whispered back, shooting a smile to the player across from her.
“I learned by watching my father play. Blame him.” She continued quietly, twirling the green gem on her necklace.
“I get it. Why Sirius started calling you thorns.” He said with complaint.
“How’d you know he started it?” She asked still in a hushed tone.
“He use to talk about his mates all the time….Although he mostly complained about you.”
“Did you never tell him we were friends?” She asked, Regulus frowned.
“We weren’t.” He said, and the attention on the game turned to the door when a rather loud knock was heard.
“Reggie, would you be a dear and get that for me?” Xeno asked, voice slowly dragging.
“I got it.” He said, standing from his spot and walking over to the door, opening it about a quarter of the way.
“Wh—“ He began, but the door slung open, two boys stumbled in, one wore a death eater mask. The two were laughing together.
“Get that shite off in here, you idiot.” Regulus said to the dark harried boy wearing the mask. He grasped for it and it fell to the ground with a metallic hiss.
“Oh lighten up, Reg. It was a joke.” Came the distinct voice of one Barty Crouch Jr. as he reached down for the mask. The other boy was also a Death Eater, Evan Rosier. He had mid-length blonde hair, though it appeared to be bleached, and a cheeky smile on his face.
The two entered the dorm, and Evans’ eyes locked on Rose immediately, she wasn’t exactly an unknown face at Hogwarts being mates with the Marauders and all. Plus, they’d literally plastered their faces on every portrait in the castle at one time.
“Isn’t that your brother’s girl, mate?” Evan asked, talking about Rose as if she was not within earshot of them.
“You understand these things can get complicated in his family, E.” Barty commented to Evan, Regulus visibly stiffened.
“She’s not.” He said, inadvertently scrunching up his nose.
“I’m sure that’s her. I’d remember the girl who hit Severus on the Hogwarts Express. I was freshly a prefect.” Evan explained after getting a closer look at Rose who sat by uncomfortably.
“Aren’t you here for him?” Regulus interjected, motioning over to Xeno impatiently.
“We were, but this is much more interesting than buying some shrooms, you and your muggle bitc—“ Barty began, pausing when he saw the look that flashed on Regulus’ face.
“My apologies, My Lord.” He said sarcastically, throwing on a posher voice and bowing as he did so. His eyes twinkling up at Regulus.
“Would you prefer I called her your wench? Pity she’s settled for the less handsome br—”
An sense of déjà vu hit Rose as Regulus’ ringed hand came in contact with Barty’s teeth.
Blood dripped from his knuckles down over his silver rings as his hand feel to his side again.
Shock was written plainly across every face in the room, Regulus’ included. It had been a swift altercation.
Barty smiled with blood on his teeth.
“She’s taught you how to fight like a mud-blood too.” He said, horrid laughter escaping him as he did so.
Regulus’ lip twitched. As did his fingers at his side.
This was the only type of anger Rose had ever seen from him, the volatile kind.
The kind that causes you to hurl a terracotta pot across a greenhouse at your brother.
The kind of anger someone who usually suppresses it might finally show.
Within a split second Barty took off out the doorway, Evan and Regulus shot out after him.
Xeno sloppily followed close behind.
“Beat his ass, lil bro!” He shouted as he ran out the dorm, leaving behind a grating silence. 
“So uh……are you like…his girl or?” One of the dumbfounded Ravenclaw boys asked, Rose laughed awkwardly.
“No.” She said before picking up her cards once more.
—
How Regulus remained out of trouble for that event Rose had no idea. Had her and the Marauders chased someone through the the Ravenclaw common room they would have gotten detention for sure. He returned to the dorm later with the other three boys in tow.
They entered the dorm at once, good timing too. Rose had just won another poker game.
The room went silent, anticipation filling it.
“Now.” Regulus started, drawing his attention to Bart who still looked absolutely cross, but had obviously given up on any further quarreling.
Regulus pointed at Rose.
“Who’s that?” He asked, Barty’s jaw clenched, but the boy answered.
“I don’t know.” He said.
Evan spoke up this time.
“Sorry, mate, couldn’t hear you.” He said, Barty sighed agitatedly, but spoke up louder.
“I don’t know who that is.” He said, a pleased smile passed Regulus’ lips before it instantly flattened.
“Now, fuck off, mate.” He said, and with a grumble from Crouch and a shrug from Rosier the two made their way out of the dorm. Evan wrapped an arm over Barty’s shoulders at they walked down the hallway together.
Regulus’ eyes landed on Rose.
“We’re leaving.” He said in a much kinder tone, Rose nodded along instantaneously, piling the silver coins she’d collected into a bag before standing.
“You lot didn’t see shite, you understand?” Xeno said to the other Ravenclaws, they each nodded in agreement.
“Alright. See ya, Little Dude.” He said with a quick handshake with Reg, before flopping down on his colorful bed once more.
“See ya.” Reg responded quietly before he and Rose made their way out of the dorm.
—
“Once again” Regulus began, lying next to Rose in her bed much further into the night.
“I’m sorry about my mates.” He whispered, gently running his thumb over the “R” on her finger.
“And again, it’s okay.” She said, placing her own hand atop of his. She wore a satin nightdress, it was such a deep green it almost looked black in the poorly lit room. A candle on Rose’s bedside table and the verdant glow from Black Lake were the only sources of light and even those could only be seen from a small crack in the bed curtains. Even so, Regulus’ ivory skin seemed to glow against the emerald sheets.
Rose trailed her fingers against his bare chest, tracing each line of the tattoo in it’s center.
“Let Sirius be the handsome brother.” She said, watching as the cold air caused his skin to prickle.
“You were always beautiful, Reg.” She continued, eyes meeting his in the darkness, much like the rest of the room his irises appeared an inky black colour.
“You were one of the first to notice I preferred to be called beautiful.” He said, pulling the blankets up to his neck.
“Good. If only those prats had caught on.” She said with a small smile, reaching over to her beside table and grabbing a small ornate vial of perfume oil, running some through her hair before placing it back. A nightly ritual for her.
“We should get some sleep.” She whispered, pulling the blankets up further over their heads, the scent of lily of the valley filling the small space.
“The others will wake up if we keep talking, I swear Stephone has the ears of a dog.” She said, placing a small kiss to the tip of his nose.
”Surely we shouldn’t keep dog ears from her beauty sleep.” He said with a sleepy sigh, turning to lay on his stomach, face pressed against one of his arms.
Rose smiled to herself and curled up against him. The scent of him bringing her comfort. He didn’t wear cologne anymore, he wore a light perfume much like her own. The scent reminded Rose of fern leaves and black tea.
It was perfectly Regulus. 


Chapter 81
The next morning Rose awoke and reached for Regulus beside her, but he wasn’t there. 
She patted around the empty spot, but found only by the cold sheets against her fingertips. She sat up apprehensively. Stephone chuckled from her own bed across the room. 
“Don’t be such a spaz. He’s just getting his makeup done while letting Ode practice her French.” She said, pointing to the small bathroom the girls shared, there Regulus sat on the counter, legs swinging as Odette held an eyeliner pencil to his eyelid.
Rose sat back relieved, nuzzling into the sheets that still smelled like him. 
“Didn’t you lot have another roommate?” Regulus asked while Odette held his face gently. 
“We did, she asked to be moved to the dorm with the other Dea— the other uh- blood purists.” Stephone said, she herself was from a rather strict pureblood family, it was one of the few things her and Regulus had bonded over since he’d started coming around. 
“I use to live my life as if my mother was always watching, but I had to stop. I didn’t feel alive.” She’d said late one night. It seemed to resonate with him. 
“I wish I could switch to this dorm.” He said, Odette clicked her tongue.
“I bet you do.” She said, finishing up with the eyeliner. 
“You should really learn to do this yourself, sir”. She added, Regulus’ face scrunched together awkwardly. 
“My hands are not nearly steady enough, trust me, I’ve tried.” He said, hopping off the counter to walk over to Rose’d bed, wrapping his arms around her shoulders for a quick hug, his curls bouncing. 
“Morning.” Rose said, once he released her she stood and made her own way to the bathroom to brush her teeth.
“Ode.” She said, removing the toothbrush from her mouth for a moment. 
“Will you fill the charmed teapot for me? I don’t feel like going to breakfast.” She instructed, Odette nodded and exited the shared space to do just that, looking over at Steph and Regulus.
“You two want anything?” She asked, Stephone nodded and Regulus smiled a little smile.
“Whatever she’s having.” He said, pointing at Rose, Stephone rolled her eyes. 
“Gotcha.” Odette agreed with a sweet smile of her own. 
“So, Stephone.” Regulus began as he took a seat on the floor, head full of curls leaned against Rose’s bed. 
“What’s your family name?” He asked, twirling the ring around his neck through his fingers. 
“Uh…Greengrass.” She said, as if it was a curse and not a surname. 
Regulus’ hand dropped limply to his lap.
“Yeah, I know it’s kind of a sh—“
“Do you have any siblings? Cousins perhaps with your same surname?” He asked, she shook her head, but her eyes were filled with suspicion.
“No…I don’t. Why’d you ask?” She said, he brought his hand back to the ring.
“My mother refuses to give me more information on my engagement, only that it’s a “proper pureblood girl”. I’ve heard whispers of this girl being a Greengrass.” He said, Stephone’s own face paled when she made the realization, Odette chimed in, holding the hot tea pot in her hand. 
“But you’re not engaged, Steph. Right? You would have told me that.” She said, her face flattening, Stephone glanced up at her lover with guilt written plainly on her face. 
“I-I” she began, stuttering. 
“I’m not exactly engaged, but I got a letter, from my mother.” She finally managed to say, opening the drawer of her bedside table and reaching inside, pulling out a small envelope with a protrusion just big enough to be a ring inside. 
“I didn’t want to open it. Ode you know I have every intention to be with you.” She said, an uncharacteristic shakiness to her voice.
Ode sat the teapot down gently, and made her way to her girlfriend’s side. 
“Open it.” She said, both Regulus and Rose watched the ordeal with bated breath. 
“No. I don’t want to see.” 
“You’ll never marry her.” Regulus spoke up, it was some attempt to quickening the process, but Stephone tensed at the words. 
“Yeah? And you’ll never marry her.” She said, pointing at Rose with one hand and giving Odette the letter with the other. 
“You open it. It’s our future that’s in that thing.” She instructed, Odette proceeded to open the letter with great care, pulling out a neatly folded note and the ring inside. 
Rose had put away her toothbrush by now, making her way to Regulus side, the scent of jasmine clung to her. 
He wordlessly removed his necklace, handing it to Rose who then took it to Odette and Stephone. 
“They should match right? If they are meant to be a pair.” Rose asked, rather shyly. 
They matched. 
The rings were both embellished nicely, semi-flat with silver cravings put into them. Regulus’ had a large black diamond set in the center. Stephone’s looked almost identical except it was smaller with a deep green emerald set into it, a symbol of the Greengrass family. 
Rose looked between the two rings, then to the ones that decorated her own hands.
“Just for the record, I don’t want to marry you.” Regulus said, Stephone exhaled. 
“I don’t want to marry you either.” She said as the bell that signals for breakfast tolled. 
Rose took Regulus’ ring back to him. While he didn’t usually go to breakfast he did visit Xenophilius during it. She didn’t want him to miss that.
“Go. We can talk about this later.” She said as he placed the ring back around his neck once more. 
“And so will we, Dette. I promise.” Stephone said, grabbing for her love’s hand. 
“We should have talked already.” Ode said, before taking her hand from the other girl. 
“I’m going to sit with Lily and Dorcas if you change your mind about breakfast, Rose.” Odette offered, but Rose was already in the process of levitating the tea pot and two cups over to her and Regulus. 
“I’m gonna stay here, can’t have Steph sulking alone.” She said as the teapot and cups landed gently on the floor beside them, she poured a small cup for the two of them.
“I appreciate it, but I really should be going.” He said, placing a kiss on the top of her head. 
“I’ll see you in Divination on Monday. Take care with your trails and suffering.” He said, motioning to the teacup as he stood. 
“See you in Divination.” She said as he and Odette exited the dorm together. 
“I’ve got another cup if you still want it.” Rose offered. 
“I do, thanks.” Stephone agreed as she took Regulus’ place next to Rose.
“I don’t intend to marry him, and I don’t know what exactly that means for me.” She said, rolling the ring around in her hand. 
“You want it?” She asked holding it up to Rose.
“What? No. That thing is probably cursed to never come off or something.” 
The blonde girl chuckled, placing both the ring and the note back into the envelope.
“I’d be the perfect example of my family if it did. It’s pretty, but you’re trapped in it.” She said, turning to place the envelope on the edge of Rose’s bed. 
Knock knock knock 
Three quick successive knocks.
“I’ll get that.” Rose said as she stood to do so. 
“Reg- irius.” She half-corrected, expecting it was Regulus who’d decided to come back, instead it was his brother.
“I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that first bit, and that I didn’t see him leaving here first thing in the morning.” Sirius said with an awkward little smile, Stephone laughed in the background.
“What are you doing here?” Rose asked, Sirius scratched the back of his neck.
“Well you know it’s a full moon tonight so Moons doesn’t exactly feel much like going out and it’s the weekend so you’ve probably got to go into town anyway— essentially I was wondering if you wanted to go on a date— well no. Not a date. We just haven’t talked in a while without it being about war or Moons or Regulus…” He sighed. 
“Do you want to hangout as mates today?” He finally asked, Stephone’s laughter had halted, but she stepped up behind Rose. 
“Aren’t you meant to be like some Casanova or something?” Stephone asked.
“Oh, those days are far behind me.” Sirius reassured.
“Yeah. We can see that.” She agreed.
“I didn’t expect to see you today.” Rose spoke up.
“Well, obviously.” Stephone said from behind her Rose turned around to swat at the girl.
“But- I don’t see why not.” She said after turning to face him again. 
“Do you have a time in mind that you want to go?“ she continued, making her way back the bathroom to brush her hair. 
“Meet me in front of the castle in an hour? I don’t plan to eat breakfast, so we can get food first.” He said, leaning against the doorway. His air pinned half up half down.
“That works for me”. Rose agreed, trying to hide the excitement the idea brought her. 
“Then that’s when I’ll see you.” He said, shooting her a cheeky smile paired with a wave before exiting the dorm. Stephone closed the door behind him. 
“You’re insufferable and your love life would make Shakespeare weep.” She said, putting emphasis on every word. 
“Your girlfriend is mad at you and both of my boyfriends are happy.” She said with a touch of sarcasm at the word “boyfriends”. 
“Insufferable!” Steph exclaimed, Rose smiled to herself in the mirror, placing a cream colored headband on her head and a pearl necklace around her neck. 
—
Sirius walked with Rose down a narrow cobblestone street, one side was lined with shops and bakeries, the other grass and trees, they’d even passed a large patch of bluebells on their walk. 
Rose wore a light green sweater vest with a white turtleneck beneath it. She wore a skirt and small heels that clicked each time she walked. 
“I must admit this is a lot less awkward than our last attempted date with Lily and James. I never want to do that again.” Rose said with a laugh, glancing up at Sirius beside her. 
“I thought it was alright, you were the worst, but I liked seeing Lily and Jamsie happy together.” 
“Was that James’ denim jacket she was wearing? I recognized the hat and the dress, but not that bit.” 
“It was actually. We had every intention to let Mum embroider “Prongs” on the back, but then he gave it to Lils.” Sirius explained, now and then he’d glance down at Rose’s hand, but he’d never take it. 
“Cute.” Rose said with a smile, before speaking once more.
“We’ll stop by Honeydukes on the way back? I want to get Remus and Lily some white chocolate.” Rose said, Sirius smiled at her. 
“Of course”. He agreed.
Honeybees buzzed alongside them as they walked. Rose had left a trail of tulips she sprouted up with her wand behind them. 
“Remus isn’t going to be angry you’re here with me is he?” She asked, he answered with another question.
“Has he ever been?” 
“I’m not sure I’ve ever understood the way Remus felt, Sirius. I just worry he might care more than you or I care.” 
“I think he’d tell me. He’s at least open with me, Thorns” He said, but it didn’t soothe Rose’s worries completely. 
“Now, we’ve reached where we could have brunch. Tell me, pasta or pasties?” He asked, Rose’s answer was instantaneous.
“Pasties. I don’t fancy spending the rest of the day smelling like basil.”
“Perfect.” He agreed with a smile, his flawless smile.
They entered the nearest cafe and Rose took a seat next to a window, looking out across the street at the trees and small flowers that had begun to bloom around them. She’d just grabbed for her wand to see if she could conjure up some of her own from this distance when Sirius took the seat in front of her, two pastries already in hand.
“There you are.” He said, placing one in front of her, a croissant with a green filling that appeared nearly the same colour as her vest. Atop it was a drizzle of honey and crumbled pistachios. 
“That was fast.” She said taking a pistachio off to the top to pop it on her mouth before taking a bit of the whole thing. 
In due time their drinks arrived. Sirius had gotten two lattes and asked for the waitress to leave behind the warm cream so that they could have a go at some latte art. 
“Figured you could do one for me, and I’ll do one for you. Yours is the green one, obviously.” 
“Obviously.” Rose agreed, looking at the matcha latte that sat in front of Sirius. 
“I’ll try to make it pretty, but unlike you I don’t have an unfair advantage. I’m sure Moony has taught you how to do this.” She said, looking down at the latte foam. 
She’d thought about making a dog, but it reminded her of The Grim, so instead she attempted a simple heart, though it just became a blob.
“And yours is uh…a sun?” She said, pushing Sirius the latte when it was done, he did the same for her and when she looked down it was in fact much better than hers, against the green liquid was a foamy little snake, he’d even managed to give it a tiny tongue.
“All this time and you’ve still yet to decide if you think my being a snake is cute or threatening.” She said before dipping her tongue into the foam, prompting destroying the little snake. 
“Au contraire.” He said, taking a sip from his beverage. 
“I think it’s cute while also being threatening.” He continued.
“Mmhm” she responded, taking a sip of her own, the warmth soothing her.
Just then a devilish look came to Sirius’ face. 
“Want to see me mess with those guys?” He asked, pointing to two younger students sat at another table. 
“Won’t you get in trouble?” She asked. 
“Has it stopped me before? Plus who’s here to see?” He asked.
“Good point.” She agreed as Sirius brought out his wand, magically lifting the teapot that sat between the two boys, even going so far as to pour them each a bit more tea with it.
“They’re going to look over here.” Rose whispered, reaching over to lower Sirius’ wand. 
“You’re no fun.” He said, putting his wand back in his pocket and taking another sip. 
Once they’d finished their lattes, the two of them left the cafe together, and Sirius’ demeanor became a bit rigid.
“You okay, Pads?” Rose asked, he held onto something in the pocket of his leather jacket. 
“I’m fine.” He quickly answered, before continuing further. 
“Do you remember when you practically forced me to smell that Amortentia?” He asked, she did remember. 
“I do.” 
“Well, James and I broke into the potions classroom last night and I took some of it.” He said, taking the vial out of his pocket.
“I have no intention to use it, I swear. I just want you to smell it. I need to know.” He admitted, Rose looked down at the vial in his hands a certain anxiety washed over her. 
She had wondered if it had changed from those years ago, and now she would know.
“Open it.” She said, and he did, handing it to her thereafter.
“Are you going to be honest? I didn’t bring any truth serum.” He attempted at a joke to lighten the air.
“I’ll be honest.” She simply said as she took a sniff. 
“Black tea.” She began. 
“Quill ink, as if I was sitting next to some writing an essay.” She continued. 
“Nail polish.” She said, before taking one final sniff. 
“And the smell of snapped flower stems. Lily stems.” She added, handing it back to Sirius, glancing at the chipped black nail polish he wore. 
“Okay.” He said, placing it back in his pocket.
“What about you? What did you smell?” She asked, looking up at him once more.
“Moons. Not just chocolate or books, but the way he smells when he’s lying next to me.” He said.
“As I kept smelling it there was something else. It was far in the distance, but getting closer. Like a memory you won’t let go of.” He began. 
“I smelled the incense that clings to your hair when you’ve been working in the greenhouses. The dirt you get on your little apron. The conjured tulips you leave behind when you’ve been somewhere.” He said, jaw tightening and fingers tapping against his leg. 
“I know this is probably too little too late, but I really do care for you. We’re all leaving soon and I’ve felt us growing apart already.” He said, but Rose stopped him from speaking further, wrapping her arms around him in a tight hug.
“You don’t have to explain yourself, Sirius. I like us better this way. Without the explanations.” She said. She didn’t let go, but he spoke up.
“Hey uh…James mentioned a plant shop nearby if you want to—“ He began as a blush grew to his face, Rose cut him off with excitement.
“Yes! Please, I want to go.” And he smiled his flawless smile. 
“Okay.” He said, sitting his head atop of her’s.
—
When the day had darkened and the two of them returned Rose entered Greenhouse Three  alone to place the new plant on her desk. She placed the note Sirius had added to it with the others from him. 
Out of the corner of her eye she saw a cloth of some sort covering what appeared to be a rather large ball. Right as she’d made this observation she heard the familiar sound of an animagus changing back into their human form. She turned around, and was met by the familiar face of Peter Pettigrew. 
“We have to talk, Evans.”


Chapter 82
Rose remained against her worktable, a small bag of chocolates sat atop it. A leather jacket hung gingerly over her shoulders.
“That Sirius’ or your dad’s?” Peter asked, eyes trained on her.
She looked down to her feet and Peter had his answer.
“It got cold.” She explained a bit guilty.
“What a gentleman.” Peter said, a snide pause between each word.
“But, I’m actually not here to discuss your incessant need for Sirius’ approval.” He continued, walking over to the object shrouded in a velvet cloth and unveiling a crystal ball.
“Do you remember the last time we used one of these together with the lads?” Peter asked, Rose nodded.
“I don’t remember what exactly it was I saw, but yeah I remember doing it.” She said while picking at the wood of the table behind her.
“I remember precisely what I saw. Hard thing to forget really.” He said, Rose shifted uncomfortably, glancing up at the moon filling the sky through the glass ceiling.
“Isn’t it the time you’d join the lads?” She asked, Peter took his eyes off the crystal to look into Rose’s, like two emeralds glistening with concern.
“Padfoot and Prongs manage just fine without us. Once again, I’m here to talk to you.” He said, taking a breath to sooth his own anxiety.
“What I saw.” He continued.
“What I saw was you, Rose. I saw you raise your wand, thorns and all, and use the Killing Curse on me, and it when you were done I saw nothing else at all. I’ve held that burden.” He said, finally letting go of the negative attitude, and allowing her to hear the genuine fear he felt.
“I’ve wondered what I could do. I’ve pulled away from the lads. I’ve obsessed over it. I’ve done all I know to do other than tell you the truth and try again.” He explained, voice stretched thin with worry.
“You want us to look again? Together?” She asked, and the boy nodded meekly.
Rose put a hand on the crystal ball.
“Then we will. I could never hurt you, Pete. There must be a reason. We’ll find it together. Even if you were being as massive git just now.” She said, he placed his hand atop of her’s.
“Then, we’ll go help the boys and Moony.” She said, sending Peter a supportive smile, her discomfort from earlier all but forgotten.
Rose had only joined the Marauders during full moons a handful of times after her very first experience with it. A mixture of her own underlying fear and Remus’ refusal to have her help kept her from it, but she remembered each time she’d seen him that way.
Even with the Wolfsbane potion, Remus would scream and bloody his hands against the walls. It was like he wanted to enclose in on himself. His body stretched and contorted, nails grew long. The wolf looked so different from Remus, it looked so different from any human form at all that Rose had to question how it had ever been a human.
But it had been. It was still Remus.
“You ready, Thorns?” Pete asked, taking their hands off the crystal ball preparing to look into it.
“I have to be.” She agreed, and the pair peered into the crystal together, their intention focused on seeing a better future.
Within the smoky orb Rose saw herself, her hair was even shorter and jaggedly cut, she leaned against a stone wall, water dripped down into the dungeon where she sat. Rats scuttled in the distance.
“Evans?” Came a quiet voice out of the dark, Peter’s voice.
The girl did not respond, she leaned against the wall with aimless eyes.
Peter looked nothing like Rose, her clothes were torn and muddy, his were pristine.
“Come with me, Evans. Please, I don’t have long. We are both prisoners here.” He begged in hushed tones.
“I’m a prisoner.” The girl finally spoke.
“You’re an actor.” She continued as the images faded away.
“Well…” Rose began, her body tensed.
“I’d say that’s better? Right?” She asked, Peter looked unsure.
“Maybe we should try again.” He suggested, Rose shook her head.
“I’ve had enough of Divination.” She said, shaking the jacket off her shoulders and placing it on the table.
“Take the jacket and the bag to Moony will you? I’m going to bed.” She said, Peter didn’t seem satisfied.
“You’re just leaving?” He asked, covering the crystal orb once more.
“There’s nothing more that thing can do for me. You’re going to be fine, Pete.” She said, Rose barely believed the words herself, but she pushed past Peter and he didn’t fight her to stay.
Perhaps she’d wanted to sleep away the images she’d seen, but she didn’t actually do it. Instead, she made her way past the Ravenclaw common room to the dorm of Xenophilius Lovegood. When she reached the door muffled music could be heard from the other side as “The Joker” by Steve Miller Band played aloud.
She knocked and almost instantaneously the door swung open. Xeno welcomed Rose with open arms, between two of his fingers a mostly burnt out blunt filled the area with smoke. The music’s volume grew without the barrier of a door in it’s way.
Cause I'm a picker
I'm a grinner
I'm a lover
And I'm a sinner
“Come inside the smoke’s getting out.” He said as he ushered her in and shut the door behind them.
I play my music in the sun
“So, Red, what brings you in tonight?” He asked. Rose swatted at smoke and glanced over to the small glass vials lined up on his bedside table.
“What do people usually come here for?” She asked rhetorically, as she picked up an empty bottle and looked inside it.
“A spiritual awakening?” He asked with an equal amount of rhetoric, before walking over to take the vial out of her hand.
“Don’t fuck with this stuff, alright?” He instructed, voice taking on a more serious tone as he placed the emptied vial back down. 
I'm a joker
“Right. It’ll probably turn me into a toad or something anyway.” She said, taking a step away from the listless amount of bottles.
I'm a smoker
“Yeah, something like that.” The older boy agreed as he moved a few white curls out of his eyes and placed the remnants of his blunt in a clay ashtray.
I'm a midnight toker
“While you’re here, might as well sit down and be useful.” He said, tossing a package of muggle cigarillos onto the end of his bed, Rose rolled her eyes, but did as she was bid. Taking a seat and cracking open the package.
I sure don't want to hurt no one
“I didn’t come here to break down your cigars I came here for some honest advice.” She said, Xeno flopped his hair out of his face once more, drowsy eyes trained on her.
“And I didn’t mean to let this cat out of the bag yet but, I’m a potion peddler not a shrink.“ he started, voice laced with sarcasm.
“But…for you I spose I’ll do what I can. What ails you, kid?” He asked, before lifting a hand at the record player, silencing it in doing so.
“I’m afraid, that sometime in the future I may hurt someone. One of my best mates.” She admitted, Xeno raised an eyebrow at the confession.
“I expected something far less direct than that.”
“Well, I’ve almost grown tired of avoiding these things.” Rose admitted.
“I see.” He said, taking the package from her hands and placing it inside a small velvet bag, then dropping the bag into his bedside drawer. 
“We can work on that later.” He began as he leaned back on his bed and crossed his legs at the ankles, folding his arms behind his head.
“For now, tell who I need to cast a protection spell for, Red.” He continued, Rose relaxed a bit at his nonjudgemental tone. 
“It’s a rather convoluted tale.” She explained.
“I’ve got all night, plant lass.”


Chapter 83
Rose talked with Xeno until the sun came up, among other things she learned that his mum was a muggle and had passed away during first term. He seemed to be dealing with it as well as anyone can deal with something like that happening so unexpectedly.
When she left that morning she ran into Regulus making his way to the Ravenclaw’s dorm. She greeted him with a smile and a wave, although he seemed troubled, and in a hurry. He didn’t speak to her again until days later.
May 9th 1978, Breakfast with the Marauders
“You want to invite Snivellus? As a joke obviously.” Sirius asked James, the boys had been discussing the wedding as it was coming up soon.
“No, he’d actually come.” James said while aimlessly picking at his food. He’d been withdrawn, his final quidditch game at Hogwarts was coming up the next day and it was messing with his mood heavily.
“I uh- broke the news to Lily.” Rose said, elbowing James in the side jokingly, hoping to brighten his mood.
“How’d she take it?” He asked, looking at her out of the corner of his eye.
“Pretty well, all things considered. Odette is going to take my place with the other bridesmaids which means I get to be a groomsman like you wanted. You’ll have me and the lads, Lily will have her friends and Odette. Four and four. Worked out perfectly.” She explained, James smiled to himself.
“Brilliant. Glad she’s not too upset I’ve stolen her sister.” He said happily, though he pushed his food away.
“I’ll still be there. Plus, now I’ll get to wear a tux like you lot. That’s very exciting for me.” Rose added, taking a bite of her own breakfast.
Moony had a soft smile on his face as he sipped at his coffee across from Rose and James. He drank it black, the same way Regulus did. Claimed it worked more efficiently that way.
Eventually, Rose finished her food and stood.
“Well, lads, I’m headed to the greenhouses.” She said, Sirius and James shared a look, and Remus suppressed a laugh.
Rose squinted her eyes at them suspiciously, but Peter spoke up and took her attention.
“You’re skipping divination again? How long are you going to skip it?” He asked as Rose gathered up her things.
“Hmm. Until it no longer fills me with dread? I’ll see you loons later, yeah?.” She said as she exited. As she walked away she overheard Sirius asking Peter about the dread comment, but Peter didn’t say anything.
Once she arrived to the greenhouse and placed her books onto the worktable she heard a soft hum.
She glanced around, but there was no one to be seen.
Shrugging it off she grabbed her apron, tying it around her waist.
“Psst” She heard, this time she turned around and found the noise had come from her small indoor flower garden.
She walked up to the rose’s that grew there and listened.
“Over here.” It was Sirius’ voice.
“No, over here.” Peter’s.
“Thornsieee” James’.
Rose grabbed a pair of scissors to her left, and turned a red rose around to face her, and that’s when she saw the mouth move.
“I told you, Rose.” The flower spoke in Remus’ voice, Rose squealed and held the scissors tightly, taking a few quick steps back.
By then she’d noticed many of her plants had little mouths. There were no lips, it was as if there had been a hole cut into their petals and leaves that moved like a mouth. They all began speaking at once. It was actually rather unsettling as the voices melded together like a sea of recorded voices. Through these voices Rose heard a small conversation.
“Must I participate in this? I think it’s a rubbish idea.” Asked a black petunia with Regulus’ voice.
“Of course you do! You’re not exempt from our mischief. Plus, she likes that film, you know the one about the evil plant? She might like it.” Came the answer from the flower beside it, that one sounded like Sirius.
With all the flora talking over one another Rose hadn’t heard someone open the door and step inside. Even if the intruder had spoken she would have thought it was another one of the plants, but when a cold hand touched her waist she spun around and held the scissors in both hands like a weapon, extending her arms to threaten the intruder, scissors inches from their neck.
“Reg?” She asked, dropped her arms to her side and placing the scissors down on her table.
“I think that’s the second time you’ve greeted me with something pointy at my throat.” He said, arms raised in surrender.
“Apologies. I uh- what brings you here?” She attempted to ask over the chattering greenery, Regulus raised his wand and whispered an incantation, promptly silencing the plants.
“I’d almost stopping visiting Sirius, but he roped me into this last minute. Luckily for you I did learn the counter spell.” He said, bringing his hand back to her waist where he has originally meant for it to be.
“I’ve been taking notes for you in class, but I couldn’t be bothered to do it today.” He said, Rose nodded.
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.” He replied before taking a seat on her desk, extending his arms and making a grabbing motion to show he wanted her to join him.
She did so, standing in the spot between his legs, sitting her head gently on his shoulder.
“James is being weird again.” She said, Reg hummed an agreement.
“He’s in mourning. His whole life is about to change.” Regulus said, Rose wrapped her arms around him.
“My quidditch season is already over, but I was planning to wake up early and go practice with him and some Ravenclaw’s tomorrow morning if you wanted to come watch.”
Rose lifted her head to look up at him.
“Did you just ask if I want to come watch you practice?” She said, her cheeks both reddening and heating at the idea.
“That’s quite literally what I just asked you, yes.” He responded, a small smirk rising on his face as he ran a ringed hand through her hair.
She buried her face within the robes covering his chest at the contact.
“I definitely want to come watch.” She said in a muffled voice, grabbing at the fabric of his black silk shirt as she did so, the cold metal of the engagement ring around his neck touching her fingers.
—
May 10th 1978
“You keep starring at him and everyone’s gonna catch on.” James said as he walked up next to Rose, he held a broom in his hands and his curly hair was stuck to his face with sweat.
“I was watching you too.” She said, giving him a brotherly shove without taking her eyes off of Regulus in the air.
“Your sister’s fiancé? Rose that’s scandalous.”
“Somehow it’s less scandalous than Regulus and I.” She said as she lifted a hand to place a silky shirt to James’ chest. He looked down at it.
“What’s this?” He asked as he took hold of the article of clothing, Rose glanced back up at Regulus.
“His. He left it in my dorm, and I as we agreed, it would be a bit scandalous for me to return it to him here in front of everyone.”
James’ face twisted in disgust.
“I can’t either, and I believe I’ve had this discussion with you before? I’m not going to be your delivery boy.” He said, as the few fliers left in the air began to descend.
“Oh, yes you are, breakfast starts soon and with seeing him like that—“ Rose said as she pointed at Regulus, his hair was half up, it was windblown and his cheeks were pink. Instead of a usual quidditch robe he wore one of Xenophilus’ oversized tank tops and his usual trousers, ring against his neck.
“I wouldn’t be going to breakfast. I should go.” She said as she began walking away. She waved towards Regulus as he landed next to James, who still had a totally disgusted look on his face.
Ounce back on the ground Regulus took the shirt from James, wiping his face with it before slapping it over his shoulder. The early morning sun rays did wonders for his completion and his jaw was clenched ever so slightly.
“Where’d you find this, Potter? Your runaway bride over there?” Regulus asked while pointing towards Rose who gave a sweet smile as she made her way away from the quidditch pitch.
“You know precisely which sister that is, and she’s certainly not my bride, you absolute scoundrel.” James said, one hand on his hip, the other still clutching his broom.
“Right. Lucky me.” Regulus responded, finally returning Rose’s wave as she made her way out of earshot.
—
After practice the day seemed to drag on for James. He’d flip between bursts of excitement and disassociation. He questioned if he’d practiced enough, and he talked to the lower years about how they’ll go on without him.
It was as if the whole of Hogwarts was mourning James Potter’s last quidditch game on the Gryffindor team. Both students and professors starred at the group as they made their way through the halls. The day’s game was between Ravenclaw and Gryffindor, and the castle was absolutely decked out in Red and Blue. Banners, steamers, the works.
When it came time for the actual game Rose sat with Lily and the girls, Odette at her side. Xenophilius sat across the quidditch pitch with Regulus and a few of his Death Eater mates. Xeno’s entire face was painted Ravenclaw blue  and occasionally he would send little origami raven’s down to land in Pandora’s hair with his wand. When he meet eyes with Rose from across the pitch he waved excitedly, but Regulus pushed his arm down, earning a pout from the older boy who, to be honest, was probably toasted.
James’ playing started shakily, he’d do amazing for a while, then get in his head and make a small mistake. Over the duration of the match it evened out and was back to his usual, close to perfect self.
The environment was alive, the crowds were screaming, hell even REGULUS watched, anxiously. His eyes following James.
As they all watched him, it happened. The golden snitch flew right into James’ direction, he reached out and—
“A win for Gryffindor! James Potter has caught the golden snitch!” The commentator announced, people cheered, but James remained hovering on his broom, frozen in place.
He looked down, starring into his own reflection on the metallic ball he held in his hands.
He’d won the game, but it had promptly ended his time as a quidditch player at Hogwarts.
James Potter held his four year quidditch career in the palm of his hand, and he looked like he was going to be sick.
With the assistance of a teammate, James made his way down to the ground, and followed the other quidditch players to put their things away.
“And that’s that.” Lily said, never once taking her eyes off her fiancé.
“They’ll be an after party for sure.” Sirius spoke up from where he and the lads sat behind them.
“Prongs doesn’t look in any shape to be going to a party, Padfoot.” Remus said, Rose nodded. 
“You’re right, Moons. Quidditch is over.” Peter said, melancholy clung to his voice, not for himself as Peter had never really cared for the sport, but for James.
—
There was no “going out with a bang” after this game. There was not a giant afterparty arranged almost completely by the Marauders, instead there was a small get together in the boy’s dorm.
Candles floated in the air and fire whiskey was passed around as the Marauders and Lily’s mates shared the space. They talked about their futures, James shared quidditch stories, and all in all it was a warm goodbye to yet another part of their lives.
Near the end of the night, when all the girls save for Lily and Rose had gone to their own dorm, James raised the…about 3/4th empty bottle of fire whiskey and spoke.
“And, lads, this last sip goes out to our coming Summer, Lilyflower and I will be getting married, and we’ll all be figuring it out together.” He said before taking a final sip and pushing his glasses up.
Rose smiled at them, Lily was cuddled up to James’ side, Sirius and Peter were fighting over a chocolate frog who’d managed to get away from them both, and Moons watched over them all with a contented look on his face.
They did good. 


Chapter 84
Wish it could be said that after the Quidditch season ended days slowed and Rose’s time with her best mates was prolonged, but it wasn’t. The days flew by. Classes came to a close, and before they knew it the Marauders were attending their graduation feast. So, came the end of practising duelling with Sirius, and sitting on a gargoyle’s head late at night with Moony(a cup of coffee and a book in his hand).
Graduation took place inside the Great Hall. Rose couldn’t actually sit with her friends, but she did watch them from afar. Seated at the Slytherin table with Odette and Stephone.
For the most part graduation was a boring affair. The Headmaster made long drawn out speeches about dignity and moving forward. The boys shared looks at his words, using them to fuel their longing to serve in the Wizarding War.
As usual, Rose worried about what awaited the boys when they left Hogwarts, but they didn’t completely share her worries. At their graduation they were ready to join a war. A war none of them should’ve been a part of in the first place.
They were still so young.
Other professors gave speeches as well. They made comments about excellent students, et cetera. As the festivities or more so, the formalities were concluded and the actual feast began Rose felt as if she was anticipating something. The entire graduation had thus far been very…prankless.
She glanced over at the boys from time to time, waiting for something, anything, but it didn’t come. There had yet to be some final grandiose gesture of Gryffindor pride. There were no magic streamers, no fireworks, no explosions. Not even a lighthearted attack on the Slytherin table.
As the night drew on Rose wondered what Xenophilius, who was also graduating, would do after Hogwarts. Would he lead a mostly muggle life? Would he marry Pandora?
Despite his carefree demeanour, Xenophilius was an exceptionally careful person, as well as a rather skilled writer and poet. Rose could see him writing a novel in the future, but Rose could also see him attempting to conquer the world. She had an ever-growing respect for Xenophilus Lovegood, and hoped he would remain in her life, even if far in the distance.
Minerva McGonagall’s distinct voice took Rose from her thoughts. She addressed the graduating class and they stood.
The professor who’d led them through those doors for the very first time would also be the professor who led them out for the final time.
—
It was dark out when the rest of the Great Hall’s occupants followed the seventh years out. Students pushed past one another to get a good look at the small boats docked around the edges of Black Lake.
Rose tried to push past the onlookers to give one final word to her sister or the Marauders, but she was far too slow to keep up with them.
She was left with only the memory of their quick conversation before the feast.
A few hours earlier, in the main garden, Rose sat with the Marauders on a large stone fountain that had been mostly overtaken by vines. The stone was rough against her hands. 
Her eyes were brimmed with tears, though she wouldn’t allow them to spill over. She choked down her cries until her cheeks grew red and her eyes burned. She clung to Sirius’ robes, but couldn’t take her eyes off of James. She saw herself in the reflection of his glasses. To her she looked pitiful. Like a child that was unwilling to let go of it’s favourite toy.
“Hey, you’ll join us in a year, Thorns.” Sirius had said supportively, practically engulfing Rose in his robes, arms wrapped tightly around her. Moony stood by his side.
“It’s Lily too. Lily’s leaving too.” She said in a strangled tone.
“You’ll have her over the Summer. Look, you and your buddies are gonna keep up the pranks, you’re going to drive Reggie mad, you’ll be fine. I promise. We’re going to be fine, Thorns. All of us.” He’d said, soothing her.
Back to Black Lake, the seventh years loaded into the boats, the same boats they’d ridden across the lake at the start of their first year  in. The boys broke away into pairs, James with Sirius, and Peter with Moony.
Rose had finally found a clearing and waved to them, and when she did Peter rolled up his sleeve, showing off his “555” tattoo she’d given him some time ago.
555
A number representing imminent change
She smiled to herself. At least he welcomed the coming changes, Rose was still fighting them no matter how close they got.
“Evans” came a familiar voice from the crowd, Rose didn’t turn around to face them, she knew they would come to her.
“Black” She responded as Regulus stood next to her, nodding towards his brother in the little boat.
“I almost regret reconnecting with him. Now I’ll miss the bastard.” He said in a quiet voice.
“Almost?” Rose asked, looking up at him, his eyes reflected the golden glow of the lanterns scattered across Black Lake like a sea of stars.
“Almost.” He said, and he reached out with his pinky, wrapping it around her’s at their sides.
“Rose?” Regulus asked for her attention, she hummed a response.
“Watch them.” He said, motioning towards the boys, who had their wands out mumbling incantations.
Now that it was seemingly time for their final prank Rose had no idea what to expect. Fire? Destruction? A giant lake monster?
It was none of the above. In fact, the lake water began to glow softly. At first it appeared as bubbles rising from the depths, and then the glow spread, encompassing nearly the entire lake in brilliant, shining colours. Red, blue, green, and yellow.
“Xeno altered a spell for them, I’d say he did a pretty good job.” Regulus explained as the glow from the water illuminated his features. His eyes took on a new shade, one colour after the other. 
“About time they did something for ALL the houses.” Rose responded, as Xenophilus send Regulus a thumbs up, wobbling a bit in his boat.
Over time, students began to leave the area, making their way to Hogsmeade Station where they would all be taking the Hogwarts Express to King’s Cross station.
It would be an overnight train, and Rose decided to make an attempt to stay awake for the entire ride. She could sleep at home.
She was already waiting in their usual carriage when the Marauders arrived. Regulus had joined his mates on the way there so, she waited alone.
“James!” She exclaimed the moment she saw his fluffy hair enter the train-car. The boy quickly made his way to his seat beside her, the other lads followed.
“Thornsie.” James said as he flopped down, giving Rose a quick, but tight hug in the process.
“What’s with you lot keeping this final magic trick from me hmm?” She asked as the other boy’s arrived.
“It was more of a light-show really.” Remus said as he took his seat next to Sirius, Peter sat squished beside them.
“Wanna sit by me, Pete?” Rose asked, before cutting herself off.
“Wait-“ She said, standing and grabbing her small journal from her bag.
“Scratch that, Petey. You sit on the floor in front of the happy couple, and James you squish in there somehow.” Rose instructed as she grabbed a pencil and eraser from her bag.
“What is this about, Thorns?” Peter asked, but Rose swatted at him with her journal.
“Don’t ask, just do. Go. Sit.” She commanded once more, and with a groan the boy complied.
“Good.” Rose said as she sat back in her own seat.
“Now, I just need you to be still for erm…an hour maybe? I’m gonna sketch you!” She exclaimed excitedly, Sirius grumbled.
“As much as I’d love for you to draw me—“ he began cooly, Remus elbowed him in the side but he continued.
“Can’t you use a charmed quill and have it go a lot faster?” He asked, Rose held up her pencil.
“I could, but I want to do it the hard way. It’s not really me drawing you if I just tell a bloody quill to do it for me. Now be still, the lot of you.” She said as she began putting the pencil to the paper, a rather tedious job, plus the boys groaned and complained the whole time.
But, when the photo was finished it wasn’t half bad, Rose drew from time to time. She wasn’t amazing at it, but the drawing wasn’t meant to be amazing, it was meant to capture a memory.
Once she’d finished each boy had leaned over to get a glimpse of it. Peter reminded her she was no Picasso, James smiled at the detail of his engagement ring on his finger, and Sirius—
“Why the bloody hell have you put devil horns on me?” He asked, Rose glanced up at Sirius, then to Remus, and back to Sirius again.
“And you’ve given Moony a halo! You wench!” He said Rose shrugged and Moony smirked to himself, sitting back comfortably, an arm over Sirius’ shoulders.
“She’s got us down, love. It’s rather accurate.” He said as the train took off.
—
During the remaining hours of their journey they spent their time wisely. Played a few games, chatted for hours, and each of them had taken a nap or two, but as they got closer to the station James and Sirius had started growing antsy. Being overtaken by the fear that they hadn’t done quite enough yet.
“That does it.” James announced rather out of the blue, just at Pete had begun to nod off again.
“I’m climbing on the roof.” He said as if it was the obvious thing for him to do.
“Say again, mate?” Sirius asked, James repeated once again, slower.
“I am climbing on top of the bloody roof. And you’re coming with me.” He said, pointing at Sirius.
“I’m not. For sure.” Remus said, he’d already taken out a book and a chocolate bar. He was practically retired.
“I’m not sure I’d fit out the window to be fair.” Peter said, Rose looked between Peter and the window for good measure.
“No, you’d totally fit, you’re just scared.”
“I’m not-“
“We’ve been having this conversation for three years, Pete. I think it’s more a fact than a point of discussion by now.” She continued, Peter stood defiantly.
“I’m coming too.” Peter said, James smiled with excitement.
“That’s the spirit, lad. Now help me get the window open.”  He said, and Peter did so, popping open the window while keeping watch to ensure no one was looking.
“Okay, you first, James, Sirius.” He said as both boys attempted to fit through the open window at once. It was quickly decided that wouldn’t work so Sirius sat back down. Meanwhile, James began to climb out, raising his legs to the window and—“
“Ow!” He yelled.
“Bloody hell, the thing shocked me!” He continued, before attempting to climb atop it a second time.
“Ow!” He said again, shaking his hand as he did so.
“James get back in here. You’re not about to make my sister a widow BEFORE the wedding.” Rose said while tugging on James’ sleeve.
“She can’t be a widow before the wedding, Thorns!” James retorted in a sing-songy voice, before being zapped by the charmed roof again.
“James!” She tugged at his sleeve again.
 “Alright alright I’m coming down.” He said as he entered the train car once again.
“They’ve charmed the damn thing to keep you off it.” He reported. Remus chuckled to himself.
“I’m surprised they did. Wonder if that was before of after James Potter started attending Hogwarts?” He asked, peeking over the edge of his book to take a glance out the window, familiar buildings had begun to come into view.
“Definitely after. No one else would have had the idea to climb up on it.” Sirius said as Remus closed his book.
“While you were climbing the train did you happen to notice where we were, Prongs?” Remus asked, the sun had risen awhile ago, so the darkness of night wasn’t the issue, James simply hadn’t been paying attention.
He peeked out the window quickly.
“We’re there.” He said, disbelief tugged at his voice.
“That means— well, this is it lads.” He continued, taking a look at his mates, his family.
“Not for me, I’ll be back in autumn, just won’t have anyone to sit with.” Rose said, a strain to her voice.
The train came to a screeching halt, and they all sat there looking at one another for a few beats.
“I don’t want to get up.” Peter finally admitted, Sirius looked his way.
“Yeah, me either.”
“You know how I feel.” James added.
As other students started rising and taking their leave Rose glanced between the five of them, and considered how much was about to change.
“We’ve got to go, mates. The world’s not going to wait on us.” Remus said.
 Rose knew it was true, but wished it wasn’t.
“He’s right.” James said, and in his usual fashion, he stood up, gathered his things, and was the first to exit their little carriage.
Leading the way.
“I’ll see you outside, Sirius? Mum will be waiting on us. Maybe Dad too.” James said from the walkway. Sirius nodded, though he looked pale as he remained in his seat, eyes trained on the floor.
“I’m gonna go too, lads. My Mum will be waiting as well.” Peter said as he grabbed his things.
“I’ll owl you all, yeah?” He added as he followed James out.
Rose was the next to stand, Sirius looked up at her.
“I’ll catch up with you, okay?” Sirius began.
“I’m gonna stay behind, and uh..say goodbye to my brother. If that blonde Ravenclaw can get a hug from him so can I.”
“Right.” Rose said, as she gave a soft smile.
“Like Pete said, I’ll owl you guys, and I’ll see you too. I’m already planning to help James with something at yours, so I’ll be there. See you later, Pads. Moons.” She said, handing Moony the sketch out of her journal as she exited the train cart. Moony had been the one to initiate their leaving, but Rose knew he would stay there and wait until Sirius told him to go.
Rose shut the door to their cart gently behind her, not a moment later she heard a voice.
“There you are! Had to get back on and look for you, everyone’s practically off.” Lily said.
“I was coming. Difficult goodbye that’s all.”
“I better get a goodbye like that when I move out.” Her sister said jokingly as she locked their arms together.
“Mum’s not here, but we can get home alright on our own, yeah?” Lily asked.
“Yeah.” Rose agreed, as they made their way through the mostly empty train.
It was quiet, the quietest she’d ever heard the Hogwarts Express.
Rose expected everything would be quieter without the Marauders.

