Chapter 1
I was born in sunlight, and dragged into darkness. A child, pure before becoming cursed.I watched the first woman I came to love wither away in front of me. I closed my eyes to the truth, in order to avoid the pain that came with it.And as my father and I moved away from our old lives to new ones, he indulged himself. He took part in the sort of debauchery that only those with money, only those called nobility could drink in.He dragged me into the darkness with him.At a tender age, I watched bodies writhe and women fulfill the lustful desires of men. Dancing on poles. Sitting half-naked in the laps of wrinkled robber barons. Drinking. Doing drugs. Grinding against each other and kissing violently.I have no idea what all of this did to me, if anything. But I know that I didn't, or rather couldn't, shove it away like everything else.I am away from all of that now. Away from that world and everything it could do to me. I am with my wealthy father and his wealthier new wife. I am a child, meant to be seen and never heard.I am eleven years old.
"My name is Lilith Caroline Kobayashi."

an alternative Naruto story.

It's currently morning where I am. The place I live is about a hundred kilometres from the nearest shinobi village, called the Hidden Leaf. I have never been there, and have no plans to go.I am in the backyard of my home, a lavish estate. A place that only generational wealth could afford and maintain, with a small army of housekeepers. There are those who tend to the grass and plants, those who maintain the rooms, and those who serve us directly. We are the elite of the world. It has to be shown to any visitors in full.The grass is freshly cut, and because of that I can see a small snake slithering on its belly. I recognize it...a garden snake, as per my textbooks. Harmless, as I can recall. Its tongue flicks outwards to taste the air, helping it to navigate. I sit and watch, as my parents have ordered. They always hate it when I get myself dirty, and have taken to dressing me in outrageous and frilly dresses to stifle my adventurous spirit. To my stepmother's chagrin, the results have been mixed at best. But I try to do as they ask, by donning their outfits daily and posing as the perfect child whenever guests arrive. I do not speak.I especially do not smile.Today...there is a refreshing wind, and it makes me want to move. I do so. I watch the snake as it slides along the grass, flicking its tongue out at regular intervals. I tilt my head, curious as to what it might want. My parents are not very fond of snakes, as I found out one day when overhearing adult conversation.Are you...hungry, little snake?There are grubs in the flower bed nearby, but the barrier will be hard to pass over for this friend. I want to be of service. The consequences can be dealt with later. I step down from my chair and leave the patio to help the small snake. As soon as I pick it up, it starts to squirm in my hands. That only makes sense...I am a giant interloper in comparison."You seem hungry, Mister Snake," I say gently. It stops moving...could it be that he heard me and understood? That seems foolish...but it's a nice thought to have. Perhaps in a different world. I carry him over to the flower bed properly, and let him loose. He eats.I think that he is quite happy with his situation now. It seems to be so.I watch him as he slithers around and eats, crouching down with curiosity. He starts to look like he is full; I am not sure what brought that thought to mind, but it feels right. His tongue flicks out at me a few times and I pick him up, bringing him over the barrier and back to where I found him. I set him down.But...he slithers up my arm before I can properly react. Very interesting, this one. He reaches my shoulder. And he flicks his tongue out, hitting my cheek. Once, twice.I feel...warmth. I don't understand why that is, but this feels like affection. Like a thank you.I do the only thing that makes sense. I turn my head, and give my new friend a gentle peck on the snout. He flicks his tongue a few more times at me before going back the way he came, down from my arm and towards the ground. He goes quickly through the grass, to the edge of the garden, and out towards the forest a while away."Good luck, Mister Snake."The words come without thinking...but they are genuine, from my heart. A strange, yet welcome happiness.I allow myself a small smile, and retreat to my seat. My clothing is dirtied by now...but that can be taken care of in time, as it always was. There are pleasant thoughts in my head, and the warmth of the sun is soothing.I close my eyes, and sleep.
I dream. I dream of a woman with scarlet hair, long and full and beautiful. I feel like I know who this person is...she has to be my mother from so long ago. From a more joyous time.She turns before I can call to her. She smiles. Just as she always has.I wonder...if she is proud of what I've become. If she's proud of me.
"...time to wake up, Miss Lilith."It's morning. The next morning, now. My eyes open, and I see a...well-furnished bosom above my head. I know this profile at a glance."Thank you, Luna."A maid with a soft, pretty face. Lovely chestnut brown eyes, and long brown hair. My personal maid, Lunamaria Daidouji. Everyone calls her Luna. She smiles and steps back, taking her chest with her. I stare for a moment, trying to recall through this morning haze what made her so bothersome to my stepmother at times."I-Is something the matter, Miss Lilith?" she asks nervously."No.""I see..." She sighs. Luna is still young, not terribly far from my age as it is. But old enough to work, and she works well. She is my minder, the one who helps me stay unseen and unheard at the pleasure of my parents. She wears the typical black and white maid outfit, one that fits neatly around her curves. I wonder if this is her path in life. I also wonder if she put on a bit of weight lately.There are always questions on my mind."Breakfast is ready, and the Mistress is downstairs. Will you need help with your bath?" Luna asks."I want to do it myself today," I say gently."Understood. Then I shall be off." Luna bows, her long hair moving and swaying behind her."..."It's said that milk is a good beverage for growing girls. I will have to drink more of it to reach that level, it seems.
My bath is followed by getting into yet another terrible and ridiculous dress picked out by my stepmother. This one has polka dots, and an oversized bow at my back. But it would please her."It took you long enough to get down here. You've learned the local language well enough as a foreigner, but everything else...is coming in slowly..."My stepmother. Emi Kobayashi, daughter of the Kobayashi Rice empire. She is above average height, strikingly beautiful with slender limbs. Her chest however, is not as large as Luna's. She has black hair that is meticulously cared for, in a hime cut. And she is clad in silk. She loves to wear silk as often as she can, whether lounging in the house or outside with others. And this set, like so many others, is thin. Thin enough that she can flaunt her body, intimidating women and drawing the eyes of any man who glances at her form.She also doesn't like it when I smile. Nobody does, but she is bothered by it more than anyone."Go ahead and eat. I have things to report to you."I nod and go to my designated seat in the sub-dining room. There are no curly fries today. It's disappointing, but...everything else looks to be good. My stepmother smokes from one of the long sticks she always carries around and breathes out a cloud of smoke into the air. She sits in one of the ornate chairs around the distractingly shiny table."Your father and I have had a discussion."Father. I haven't seen his face in weeks."We believe that you would be well served learning more discipline, as well as technique and female etiquette. Girls should not play in flower beds, or with...ugh. Snakes."The last word comes with some disgust. I blink at it and continue chewing on the pancakes in front of me."Therefore," she continues, "we have enrolled you in the Hidden Leaf's Shinobi Academy. You will become a disciplined and reliable woman there, then you will return home and apply your lessons."Shinobi...ninja? Those are assassins, aren't they?"Your father and I have both agreed to this experiment, so there's no charming your way out of this. Well, as if you could. You will be sent off in two months' time, so you might as well start on the basis of technique or something before it's refined later. I will look into a proper trainer at some point," she says as she blows out another cloud of smoke.It almost seems too casual. But I have no idea what to expect anyways.What a strange feeling.Breakfast ends. A butler takes my things away, and I leave to where I will not be a bother to any adults. I continue to think on what exactly being a shinobi will mean. What it will mean for me, and for my future. I leave through the front door of the mansion, intending to get some air.The guards who I rarely see are escorting someone up the long path, as the gates close in the distance. A woman in a white kimono that is patterned with green vines and leaves. She has a full, outrageous figure much like Luna. Like a...a pin up model, that I remembered seeing. Her hair is long and straight...and it is also green, a colour that I find unusual.And yet, I feel drawn to her. My mind brings me to Mister Snake in the garden from yesterday. She comes closer, and I see that her eyes are golden and sharp, taking everything in around her. But she has yet to notice me as I stand on the front steps.I should head back inside. She seems very important, and it wouldn't do to upset my stepmother.But...she is already planning to send me off to board in a shinobi village.Better judgement leaves me. I will my legs to take me down the front steps.I advance.

"This is a time like no other."

The woman with green hair raises her hand, making everyone around her come to a stop. With a flick of her wrist, she produces a fan and holds it in front of her face.An amused smile hides behind it as she looks up ahead.A child in a hideous dress, white with red dots and an oversized bow flopping at her back. She is small, precious, and cute.And she had beautiful scarlet hair. Long and wavy, paired with striking amber eyes.She moved towards the woman and her entourage. Nervous. Unsure.But determined, all the same."So...you're the one after all."
"I wonder what sort of child you truly are...Lilith Kobayashi."

 Scarlet Justice

Opening Notes:

Welcome to the story. This is a project I've gone through before, before life happened and things got stalled. So I'm re-imagining it from the ground up as a story. You've probably noticed the perspective here: you are following Lilith Kobayashi, a young girl in the Naruto world who is born into money, and soon will be getting her first taste of shinobi life in the Hidden Leaf. A colourful cast of characters, old and new, will be here to entertain you. The premise isn't exactly novel, and you will see the alternate timeline twists coming from our protagonist's interactions with the canon world as it is in part 1 of what we know as Naruto's story. But hopefully you readers will enjoy what happens and how it happens. Even if it isn't exactly, uh, high art. There's some content that people may not like and I might as well be upfront with it now.

big gay and big gay accessories: a handy template for future arguments that I may or may not use: "[insert character] is gay, shut up, deal with it". This doesn't mean everyone is going to get a flip in orientation suddenly but there will be plenty of subtext and supertext when it comes to same-sex relationships. If it's too much for you, then unfortunately I'm not going to turn it down any. I guess if it makes anyone feel better we'd probably be dealing more with the L-word, some of y'all like that. But I will handle things appropriately as they arrive for you to read and not just fetishize it.

let's talk about sex, bby: there are going to be talks about sexual things and sexuality and all of that fun stuff. Several of the characters in the story, yes even the younger ones, will speak on these things. This isn't to open the light to orgies or underaged sex scenes or sexual activity. The tone has been set, and my promise to you is to handle these things responsibly. I will try not to get too far into the weeds on this.

murder death kill (MDK): people are going to think OW THE EDGE when we get to certain sections and they probably wouldn't be wrong to think so in most cases. There will be violence and blood-spilling and not very nice things, so I will label these chapters as needed. This isn't because I'm going for a gritty portrayal of nardo: hurricane chronicles or some shit, it's for story reasons, like people being pretty fucked up and impulsive among other things.

not my canon: there will be ripple effects and changes here and there to the canon characters you love and hate. Not as serious as the above stuff, but it's a point of contention with enough people in the fandom. I won't...flanderize or whatever the hell the word is, any characters. But I might give you an extended look at different sides of them, and have them change as relationships are established and moved forward.

the power of god and anime: we're gonna have fights and they're gonna be metal as fuck my dudes. Drink your vitamins and strap in.

it's the same mouth I kiss my mother with: the fanfic will contain coarse language and suggestive themes. People will say bad and naughty words and some of these people might also be underaged. It happens.

That's all for now. Be well and enjoy the story as it unfolds!


Chapter 2
Scarlet Justice - ep. 02"All Green!"

I move down the steps towards the entourage, which comes to a stop at the woman's command. She produces a fan as I walk forward. I'm certainly nervous. But I feel as if I need to do this.
Her eyes lock onto me, finally. A strange pulse...the same as the one I felt when holding the garden snake. Why is that? I can't be sure...it's nothing I can figure out right away.
"Lovely day, is it not?" she says as she steps away from the bodyguards. Her voice is refreshingly cool and clear...it feels like velvet, but for my ears. I didn't think I could be drawn to her more. Her figure is even more amazing up close...my stepmother dismissively called it a 'child-bearing frame', in reference to Luna at least, in places where she couldn't hear. I imagine this woman, whoever she might be, would give her fits as well. She looks like she's stepped out of a magazine...yes. If there were goddesses on Earth, she would be one of them.
I am thinking heavily on this, aren't I. How curious.
In response to her question, I politely nod. She seems amused from behind her fan.
"My friend you helped yesterday reported your kindness, and it found its way to me. He was grateful, you know? It had been a long journey and he was hungry."
"Mister Snake," I say quietly. But...what could that mean?
"Yes, that's right. My name is Midoriko Ryuuchi. And you must be Miss Lilith, correct? I actually did come to see you, but...well, that wouldn't be believable to most at first blush. It would also be most rude to ignore the owners of this fine estate, so I came to deliver my greetings. I live a short distance up the road."
"Father is working," I reply. "Mother is home, in her study."
"Hm. Rothschild, wasn't it? Married into a rich family once more, so...it's Kobayashi now. Yes?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Mm. You're a very obedient girl. Only speaking when spoken to, and giving little away. Well done. But yes...I do have important matters to discuss with you, my darling. I will return to you after greeting your stepmother, so if you would wait for me..."
"Yes. I will."
"Lovely. I shall be off. Until then, Miss Lilith."
"Goodbye, Lady Ryuuchi."
She smiles and pats me gently on the head before moving in. I watch her and the sway of her hips as she leaves, before deciding to wait in the flower garden a while.
Midoriko...very much reminds me of a snake. But not in a bad way at all.

An hour passes. Midoriko and her mischievous smile find me among the blossoming flowers. A whimsical feeling as she looks me over, lilies growing in the beds just behind her.
"Emi is a terribly boring woman. Then again, she does have a terribly boring husband. No offense meant to you, my dear."
She hides her amused face behind her fan. It seems she was entertained by her talk with my stepmother.
"I promised earlier. Do you still want to hear it? The secret I have for you..."
Her golden eyes feel like they're reaching into me. I slowly nod.
"You must know by now. I am not human. I am...a snake."
She lowers her fan, and I can see her grinning at me with sharp, pointed teeth. Strange. Unnatural.
Entirely like me.
I feel a weight coming down on me and it makes me shake and sweat. She is looking down on me. Crushing me slowly, on a whim. It would be so easy for her to make me disappear. Fear. I can feel fear but I can't bring myself to move, to run away. I wonder if I might die here, if I might be devoured in the next moment.
No. She wouldn't. I...somehow know.
"Are you afraid?"
I should be. I should be, and I might be, but I feel more awe than anything as I look up at her, at her terrifying and beautiful form. I shake my head, slowly.
"Hmhmhm...yes. I can see it now. You really are the one."
The pressure fades away. I let out a breath and relax, finally.
"You have a very strong affinity," Midoriko says. "And I've heard that you will be training to become a kunoichi soon?"
I nod. She gets to her knees, in the grass, and wipes my face gently with a cloth. Not even thinking about the expensive silk and how it might be stained by the grass.
"I am truly sorry, darling. I got too excited...it's been so long since someone in this world has been such a suitable candidate. Perhaps you could become the next true Sage...mm, but don't worry about those details just yet. First, you must become a splendid shinobi. Then, you may ascend further. You can recall the voices in your head, and the feelings in your heart, yes? They are, and always have been, real."
I don't know what to say. Still kneeling, she flicks her wrist and produces a knife from her sleeve, flipping it open.
"This is going to be sudden...but I must test you, just a bit more." She twirls the knife in her hand while looking at me. "I want you to make a contract with me."
She's right. It is sudden.
"You only have a short time to learn basic skills before you enter the Shinobi Academy. I know you humans are capable of extraordinary things if you put your minds to it...but I say, why not make it easier on yourself?" Midoriko smiles. "Make a pact with me, dear Lilith. I will teach you everything I know, and send you on your way to becoming a fine, fine shinobi."
The knife stops spinning. She raises it to her lips and runs her tongue across the blade.
My mind screams danger.
But my heart is enraptured. This woman has captured me in her lovely, silken web. We have only just met. But she wants me to make a contract with her, with the snakes. I do like snakes. My stepmother doesn't.
And my father...his vote doesn't count.
"Miss...Midoriko." I breathe her name out, unsure of what to do, of what to feel right away. I look into her golden eyes and find myself settling, floating gently towards an answer as my heart beats fast.
I know what I must do.
I will seal the contract.
For nothing else makes sense.
"Yes," I say quietly. "Yes...I will sign the contract with you, Lady Ryuuchi."
"Lovely. Feel free to call me by name from now on. Midori is very much fine, you know."
"Then...then..." I feel myself blushing. "Midori-nee. Is..that fine?"
"Of course~!" she says, with her wide and dangerous grin. I grin back at her, forgetting my restraint and showing her the smile that everyone hated so much. "Ah, what a beautiful smile. I know that it's misunderstood by everyone else. That's very much fine, my dear Lili. You can share it with me, and nobody else."
Midori gently brings me closer, her hand on the back of my neck. I already trust her so much. The knife blade goes across my neck and bites into my skin.
"Just a small bit of blood, now..." Her hands blur into a strange set of patterns before a scroll appears out of thin air. She sets it down, then uses the knife to cut into skin on her neck, drawing her blood. Her fingers move across the wound, and she presses her bloodied fingers against the wound on my neck, mixing our blood together. She opens the scroll, and then traces a pattern onto it before it immediately disappears.
"Normally, the summoner would sign it. But...I wanted to make sure there were some special conditions for the two of us. I wouldn't want to lose track of you, you know? With this type, you can call on me whenever you need me. Nepotism does have its perks~"
"I see..."
Midori licks the knife clean of blood before closing it and handing it to me. It has gold handles and seems to be finely crafted. "It's a butterfly knife. When you get good enough, I will gift you another. Practice opening and closing it from time to time." She licks her finger and presses it against my wound...I feel like the cut was never made. Her own has already healed, and she wipes away the blood on both of us with a spare cloth.
"No sense in worrying Emi. Speaking of her...I'll inform her that I happen to know of a good trainer, and that way we can have all of the sessions we need. I'll keep my promise to you, and make you into the best shinobi you can be."
"Thank you," I say sincerely.
"Anything for you, my dear little sister," Midori says with a smile. "Now, head up to your room for me and rest. I will see you soon."
"Yes." I hurry at her command and do as she says, like it's entirely natural. Inside and up the stairs to my room, without a second thought.
I know all of this is real, but everything...everything is happening so fast. I don't feel overwhelmed, but amazed at what is going on.
I reach my room, and Luna is fixing up my bed neatly...so I hide the knife behind my back and clear my throat, to get her attention.
"Oh! Miss Lilith...I-I was just making up your bed for you. I...I'm done here, so...I...will be going. Please, don't let me disturb you." Luna gives me a timid smile before starting to hurry out.
But it doesn't escape my notice...the fact that the window is open. The same window that overlooks the flower garden where I was just standing with Midori earlier.
It's possible that she saw something. That she saw everything.
"Luna."
"Yes, Miss Lilith?" She's barely made it past the door before turning around to face me. She plays with her hands and her gaze darts away from mine.
"The window is open."
"I...yes, I just thought that the room needed air, and...and um..."
"Luna...what was it you saw in the yard?"
She sniffles loudly before tears come to her eyes. "I...I saw everything. I know it was wrong to watch, to spy on you two like that. But I was so enraptured that I simply couldn't look away, and...please, forgive me. I promise not to tell anyone about your illicit relationship..."
"?" Illicit? She means forbidden? What is?
"It's just that watching two girls like that...I mean..."
What...is she saying? Is she implying something? Oh, she's blushing. It has to be something lewd, then.
"A-anyways, I promise not to tell a soul! I'll do anything to prove it! Anything..."
I am starting to understand what it is she's saying.
"It's not what you think. Come here," I say. Luna nods and does as she's told. We sit on my bed together, and I explain what went on a while ago.
In my haste to explain, I revealed Midori's secret. Bothersome. But too late to take back now.
"Ah? So it wasn't something like that?"
"No. We're only sisters now," I say.
"Hm. Is it...sister play...?" Luna muses.
"No," I reply firmly.
"I-I see..." She sighs. "Well, I am a bit jealous that you got to be so intimate with her first. Women like Lady Midoriko...they're really my type, you see..."
So Luna is into women with outrageous figures, like she has. Is this a form of narcissism? I wonder a bit about that.
"So you're a lesbian pervert?" I ask.
She waves a hand at me. "I'm a lesbian. Not the other part. Please keep it from Mistress Emi...I don't know what she would think of it."
I actually think it would remove a lot of the tension from the mansion if my stepmother knew that Luna had no interest in men at all. But I nod anyways and vow to keep her secret until the promised time. Luna has been good to me...this much as a service is nothing in comparison.
"Do...you think she likes girls, too?"
I tilt my head in thought. It's a valid question. "I'm not quite sure. Can snakes also be lesbians?"
Luna crosses her arms in thought. "I don't know either. She's really a snake? A non human?"
"Yes."
"How do you know?"
"Resonance," I answer plainly. It's the truth, at least.
"Hm. What's that in your hand?" she asks.
"A gift from Midori-nee. It's a butterfly knife." I present the knife to Luna and she takes it from my hand. Then she twirls it around rapidly like she's had possession of it her entire life. She tosses it up and down, spins it around a finger, and passes it back and forth between her hands before closing it.
"Papa has a collection of knives like this. He taught me when I was young in case I needed to defend myself, and it's come in handy. See," she says as she lifts her skirt for me. There are two holsters strapped to her thighs, just below her frilly garters. "I keep them here, just in case. Of course, neither the Master or Mistress know...I'm asking you to keep a lot hidden from them, aren't I? I feel so embarrassed..."
An idea pops into my head as she hands the closed knife back to me.
Yes. It will do.
"Live with me when I go to become a ninja," I say firmly.
"Really? Me?" she says, surprised.
"Yes." I give her my most serious, convincing look. Her face lights up and she smothers me in a hug.
"I'll be sure to watch over you with all that I have, then. My life is yours...thank you for choosing me, Miss Lilith."
I nod towards her. "I will be in your care." A pause. "Please don't do anything too perverted in the Hidden Leaf."
Luna frowns and puffs up her cheeks at that.


Chapter 3
 

Scarlet Justice - ep. 03"Training Days"

"Off you go. Luna, be sure to supervise her training as instructed."

"Yes, Mistress."

It's the next morning. Midori-nee has made the arrangements with my stepmother for my training, and we are headed over now to get started for the first time. We leave and start our walk down the paved road, unusual for Fire Country and a symbol of our high status. Our destination is a mile north.

The mansion comes into view quickly, and only grows larger and more majestic as we approach. I can't imagine the expense that went into this sort of structure. The large front gate is guarded by sharply dressed men in suits, and they acknowledge us before escorting us inside. We pass several maids as we enter to a cool, refreshing atmosphere. So Midori has central air installed...certainly luxurious, to say the least.

"Good morning, Lili~!"

"Good morning," I reply. Midori smiles and pats me on the head gently. She's gone with a close-fitting shirt and shorts as she meets us. I pulled up one of my outfits for dancing classes, a light shirt that hangs a bit loosely paired with sweatpants, all underneath my light jacket. Luna has gotten into the mood with a tracksuit, but it's unable to hide her curves properly. Much like everything else she wears, it seems.

"G-good morning, Lady Midoriko."

"It's very pleasant seeing you again, Luna. You've been sent to supervise, have you?"

"It's fine," I say. "I told her everything after she peeped on us from the window."

Midori sighs and places a hand on her cheek as Luna pales. "Dear, dear. How troublesome..."

"She knows that you're a snake now. Also, she's going to be living with me when I go to the Hidden Leaf. She knows how to use the knife you gave me very well. And another important thing is that she's a perverted lesbian."

"Miss Lilith...!"

"Oho...is that so? Hmm...I see. Well, I know that you trust each other very much, so all of this is fine. And I do mean all of it," Midori says as she gives Luna a wink. Luna goes from pale to bright red in an instant, playing with her hands. "So. Shall we chat a bit, or start training right away?"

"I would like to begin," I say.

"Mm-hm. Understood. Follow me downstairs, lovelies."

As we go through the mansion, a question does come to mind. I think Midori would like to hear the answer as well.

"Luna? Why did you choose to become a maid in the first place?" I ask her.

"Eh? Oh, um...mm...it's sort of a long story, but I can condense it a bit," Luna says as we walk. "My mom left my papa for another man. He wasn't getting much from his military pension, so the farm we lived on was really our way of living. I think...I reminded him too much of mom, and it hurt him whenever he got a bit upset. I wanted to do my best for him as his daughter...but we were only barely making it from month to month." She pauses a bit. "I learned that he was secretly putting away money, and it was for me. He saved enough and told me to go live on my own, that it was for the best. He loved me so much, and I knew that. So I did as he asked. My first job was as a waitress, and I liked it for the most part, but the back and forth from home to work was a lot! Probably the worst part of my job, by far. So I saw a job for a live-in maid, and tried it out. I really liked it...serving people is such a joy for me, and I didn't have much to complain about now that home was work and work was home."

"So it was something that you discovered, yes?" Midori asks. Luna blushes and nods.

"Yes. It wasn't something I planned to do, really. I wanted to be something like...a dancer, or a painter. You know, making art. I still do those things in my spare time. But this...it makes me feel so at ease. Not every day is perfect, but this is what I want to do with my life. I'm happy."

I wonder if I'll get to that point one day...finding something that I wanted to spend my entire life doing. Perhaps this shinobi thing would be it? Learning how to kill people? It's so curious.

But I am rather excited to see what this will bring.

"Here we are." We've descended into the basement, where an obstacle course and several targets are set up in the distance. To call it a mere basement would be foolishness, though...it's easily the size of a soccer field."Now, we can get started. First, we'll find out which element best suits you. And at the same time, we can look at a suitable form of movement to start with," Midori explains to me.

"Do your best, Miss Lilith," Luna says to me.

Midori hands me a small piece of paper. "This is from a specially grown tree, fed exclusively with chakra and chakra based sustenance. When you flow energy through this paper, it responds to it and reacts in certain ways. This is how shinobi usually figure out where their strengths are."

"I simply have to concentrate?" I ask.

"Yes. Go ahead."

I nod and close my eyes before focusing. I feel something happening and strange things happen to the chakra paper; when I open my eyes I am left with two soggy, wrinkled pieces of paper in between my fingers.

"Ah, that's interesting. You have two affinities already," Midori says with a smile. "Water and Lightning, then. That's a very good start, especially for a high-born child. Now, we'll go through this little course together and see exactly where you stand. Are we ready?"

"Yes," I say. Luna takes my jacket for me, and I bounce on my feet lightly.

"Good. Luna, please time us," Midori says. Luna takes a stopwatch from her pocket and readies it.

"Understood. When you're ready."

"And...go."

I follow Midori-nee faithfully through the obstacle course - it's longer than I realized at first. I keep up as best as I can. She's hardly breaking a sweat, running ahead of me as if it's a light stroll down the road. Meanwhile, I can feel the wind whistling in my ears. We are moving quickly.

She glances back every so often and gives me an encouraging smile. It's working...I am more energized by the moment. We hop and skip and jump over obstacles, test our balance, and move up and down various slopes to test our acceleration and control. We slow after jumping over the last low wall.

"Let's walk the rest off," Midori says. I nod and wipe sweat from my brow as I catch up to her, walking casually along the track while catching my breath.

"Let's see, now. Your strength is a bit below the average for a shinobi. You relied equally on instinct and forward thinking whenever you encountered challenges. And your reflexes...they're exceptional. This goes along with your brilliant speed and balance. You also have a high level of endurance, as shown by the fact that you completed this course next to me. This isn't one for beginners, you know."

Ah. As expected of Midori-nee. She figured all of that out from one session.

"I've also taken note of your body...well, you know what I mean by that," she says with a laugh. "You're very flexible. That will allow you to do some extra things in the heat of the moment, and you won't have to think so much. Things like this..." Midori stops and lifts her leg, holding it against the side of her head. "...aren't as simple as they look. You really do have some talent, you know."

"..." I manage to lift my leg fairly high, but not to the angle she has it at. How exactly does she do that...?

"Ufufu...everything at its own pace, my love. You'll get to where I am very soon," she says with a smile. I feel her warm hand on my head again.

"Understood."

"Good! Now, for the next phase..."

I nod, feeling like I've caught my breath after the obstacle course.

"Is there anything you would like me to do?" Luna asks.

"Ah, yes. If you could fetch us some refreshments, that would be wonderful," Midori says.

"Yes, of course. I will return shortly." Luna bows and heads off, leaving me with Midori alone. She looks me over and nods.

"Well. Shall we begin?"

I nod, and she takes me through my paces.

I already knew what chakra was. My stepmother taught me about it, and revealed that she had taken part in kunoichi training - the reason why she got the idea to send me off to do it myself, along with my father's prodding. She decided to become a model, doing what were wholesome shoots until she was scouted and told that gravure models were paid a lot more due to being in demand.

From what she remembered of the initial training, she passed onto me.

Midori tells me that actual ninjutsu is something that I will learn later at the Academy, but she gives me ideas and an understanding of the basics anyways. I learn a few things for the midst of battle and start to test them out, tricks to maintain speed and balance for example. By the time we get through everything, it seems to be getting late, and I'm starting to tire.

"This has been a lot for one day...but you took to this training quickly, Lili. Luna, I apologize for bothering you...but do you think I could keep Lili over?" Midori asks.

Luna nods and sets another refreshment tray down while clearing the other jugs and glasses. "Mistress Emi won't mind at all. I will call and inform her as soon as I finish here."

"Thank you. Oh, and no need to worry about clothing. I have your sizes."

"Ah. As expected of you, Miss Midoriko."

"Lili, we'll take a break and then finish up our training for the day. Tomorrow is another opportunity."

The next morning comes and I'm gently shaken awake by Luna. Yesterday was tiring, but fulfilling.

"Miss Lilith?"

"Mm...thank you, Luna."

"Of course. Good morning to you." She's wearing a very...thin and revealing nightgown. I take note of her and frown.

"Warm milk."

"Eh...?"

"Milk," I say firmly. "A pitcher of it. Please."

"Forgive me, Miss Lilith. Right away." She leaves me and heads out of the room, while I head to the bathroom to clean up. I change into a new training outfit provided by Midori-nee, similar to the one I came in with.

"..." My hand goes over my chest and I sigh reflexively.

"Lovely, you're already awake. Good morning, Lili."

"Good morning, Midori-nee." She enters the room and pats me on the head, as always. Her training wear is already on, and I glance up at her.

"Something wrong, love?"

"It's nothing," I say as I shake my head.

Midori puts her hand on my back and leads me downstairs to our training area, where we meet Luna. She's put on a robe over her gown by now and hands me a mug of milk as I move towards her. I gulp it down quickly and signal for more; she pours me several cups until the pitcher is empty.

"Thank you, Luna."

"It's always my pleasure, Miss Lilith. I'll get changed into proper clothing for the day. Please excuse me," she says with a bow before leaving. Midori giggles a bit at that and pats my head again.

"I know what's wrong~ Don't you worry, you'll grow into a splendid woman."

It's...sort of reassuring to hear that.

"But...she does have an outrageous figure."

"And she doesn't even exercise that much."

"Mm. I don't either."

And yet she looks like this...unbelievable. Truly unfair.

"Awful. Both of you," I pout. My elder sister laughs lightly and pats me on the shoulders.

"Let's burn off that frustration in today's session."

That much will be a welcome distraction. "Fine."

The day starts with the normal exercises. We practice movement, especially lateral movement which is important in positioning and evasive action. It's very easy to move quickly in a straight line, it's harder to properly change direction, and it's even harder to discern the right time to change direction and speed. Work today is mainly put into shoring up those gaps.

And now, we've moved on to the promised topic: the summoning technique. Midori is going to do something advanced with me, something that most summoners never get access to.

She takes a small knife and cuts into her own skin, drawing blood. The knife is coated in it once she's done. Her eyes meet mine.

"This will hurt, but it will be for the best. I want you to trust me for this...are you ready?"

I nod slowly and she begins. She takes her steady hand and carves a set of seals into my skin, moving from my left wrist upwards to the elbow. She dips the knife into my blood and traces her lines with it. It hurts a lot. I remain as still as possible, not making a sound. I feel her stop as soon as I think the pain is becoming too much.

"Are you alright, Lili?" she asks.

"I'm...I'm fine," I squeak out, sniffling. Midori cleans the cuts and the stinging makes my voice slip. I'm starting to tear up. As the pain dies down, I see the lines have solidified; they're black and run across my skin in a detailed, intricate series of patterns.

"Lili? Thank you for trusting me," Midori says gently. I nod and snuggle into her, feeling her hold me tightly. I'm reminded of my mother from so long ago...this kind of love and warmth...

I finally bring myself to let go over her, looking into her golden eyes. "I'm ready to continue. I promise." She nods and lets me go slowly.

"We'll continue, then...focus your chakra into your left arm."

I do as she says. Focusing...and then in a cloud of smoke, a red snake appears. It's the size of a man, from what I can estimate, and the scales make it look like a piece of twisted rope.

"Empress!" he says in a booming, manly voice. His mouth does not move, but I can hear him clearly.

"Yes, 'tis I. You have new orders from today...you are now to serve my little sister whenever she calls for you."

"Of course, Empress!"

"This is a good man. His name is Crim. He has some of the strongest jaws in the kingdom, and can take a hold of just about anything. With him, you can grab hold of objects and pull them towards you in one swift motion. He can also take hold of obstacles and stationary objects, to pull you towards them quickly. This means that you can redirect yourself in midair if need be, for example."

"I shall bend and twist to your will, Princess!" he says to me.

"Thank you. I am in your care," I say to him with a bow.

"Until the next, Crim. May heaven watch over you." He disappears soon after. "Now you have another special technique at your disposal, as well as a new way to access your summoning contract. Can you picture us in your mind?"

"..." I close my eyes and concentrate. I can see a man with windswept red hair and muscular arms, dressed in red. That must be Crim. I also see Midori-nee clearly, smiling warmly at me. "Yes."

"Good! Then we're done with everything for now. Just a bit of exercise, and then we'll rest for the remainder of the day. Lili, you have done so well. I'm proud of you."

"Thank you, Midori-nee."

"Oh, darling. Anything for you."

I give her the smile she likes so much, pure and true.

Two days seems to be enough at once for now, but we're going to make arrangements to stay longer over the next few weeks.

I hug Midori and almost don't want to let go, even though I will be back soom. Luna has a conversation with her that I stay away from. Luna seems flustered by what's happening. She says nothing as she walks to my side...we head home together in silence.

But it's obvious. Even I can tell that Midori has taken a great liking to her.

"..."

I want it to happen. They would be the most beautiful couple.


Chapter 4
Scarlet Justice - ep. 04"Journeys"
My father is a rice magnate now. This is his third marriage. My mother was his second wife, a woman from the West with lovely red hair. It's where I got my own from. I am his only child.
It's something that he's seemed to regret for a long time. The fact that I was born a girl, along with everything else.
Kobayashi is my stepmother's name. My father always married into the woman's family and took over the family business, because of the prevalence of old-fashioned attitudes among the elite. He didn't mind much of anything, as long as he could continue to amass wealth. Kobayashi Rice is remarkably successful, thanks to my father's work and the infusion of cash he was able to provide - a product of my late mother's will. She never cared much for money, or wealth of any sort...she simply wanted to love my father. But he only ever cared about work. He cared so much about it that he didn't realize she was dying until it was too late.
Or...maybe it was that he didn't really care.
...
I don't know if I hate him or not.
Six weeks of work begin. Week one: a focus on chakra. Capacity, generation, movement, and distribution among other things. The sorts of things that children from shinobi clans would have access to from the earliest age. I'm behind them.
It's time to change that.
I run around the track circling everything in the basement today, attempting to improve my circuit time. Midori and Luna watch, both taking notes as they stand just off the track. They seem to be talking, getting to know each other a bit more. Bits of conversation reach me as I pass them.
"...things like that, Luna. It's based less on the ideal form, and more on what can be..."
"Ah, I didn't think of it that way..."
It's probably nothing terribly important, or less they would let me know about it. I pick up my pace and keep running.
The rest of the week goes about the same; a focus on physical areas while fitting in everything else for rounded lessons. I go home each night and take a warm bath, with Luna taking care of my hair gently. She had insisted on it for a long time, even after teaching me how to do it properly on my own.
Emi seems pleased at my progress over the week.
The next week has a focus on taijutsu, or physical arts. I still do my regular laps to start off, stretch, and then work at different stations. There's a weight room and Midori teaches both myself and Luna how to work out properly. Focusing on my legs, I feel a bit stronger midway through the week.
Luna takes notes while I skip rope, and Midori brings her water. They share a smile that I take note of before parting. Midori wants me to focus on counting the rotations of the rope, and I do so until they actively start to slow down in my eyes. Being able to see these things...so it's that important, then.
An adjustable speed bag that I spend some time batting around. This is good for for coordination and reflexes, among other benefits. Punching bags and wooden dummies. Midori throws heavy balls at me that I have to dodge, and I must be alert because she's tossing them to Luna behind me at speed. She does the same thing, trying to hit me with Midori catching the missed ones at the other end.
I do get hit quite a few times before the session is over.
The baths help with the soreness. Luna seems to have a spring in her step, which I highly enjoy. And Emi tries to hold conversation with me over breakfast. Between her personality and mine, it's...very awkward. But I show my appreciation for her attempts.
My father is naturally nowhere to be found.
Week three sees focus on identified 'specialty areas'. My primary combat style is offensive ninjutsu, meaning close to long range attacks depending on scenario. The default will be to start at a middle range relative to my opponents. The secondary part of my combat style involves high speed movement and physical flexibility, which we are working on today with a series of stretches and poses.
Midori explains the unique contract I now have.
"It's called Chaos Connection," she says as we do handstands together. "With the seal inscribed onto your body, you have an instant connection to the snake kingdom at the cost of some chakra. You can immediately summon smaller snakes without the need to perform the standard jutsu, and the elite specialized snakes within your memory. Crim is one of them. The unique construction of the seal gives you a direct connection to me as well."
"So we can speak without words, and over long distances?" I ask.
"Exactly. Wonderful, no?"
"Yes. I'll try not to bother you too often."
"Ufufu...so considerate. You won't ever be a bother to me, Lili. But I do appreciate your discretion."
"So there is a unique style for each snake person I can summon?"
"Yes. The ability that Crim shares with you is called Chaotic Movement. He will appear right near you, in the position you desire. It only takes a thought. There is another serpentine technique to teach you, but...the specific needs aren't in your grasp just yet. Fortunately, I have scrolls that you can study once you're ready."
"Understood. Thank you, Midori-nee."
The week goes smoothly. I watch Midori and Luna spar lightly, with Luna wearing a proper athletic shirt under her jacket so that her chest doesn't move around so much. They bow to each other before starting their routine, focusing on quick movements in close with open hands. Luna is...very fast and light on her feet. She's far from oversized, but most wouldn't guess that she could move this quickly based on her looks. Her hands are also incredibly fast; a few weeks ago they were blurs in my eyes, now I can see them clearly but I'm still in awe of her movement and reflexes.
Midori is far from a slouch on her end. Voluptuous, surely, but with speed that makes her very much untrackable as soon as she puts in effort. It's little wonder she can keep up with me. She focuses and gives Luna the respect she deserves, landing strikes with her fingers and palms as soon as she finds openings. Luna responds by tightening her stance, reducing Midori's blows and speeding up until her hands are again blurs to me. It only lasts for a while before Midori overpowers her, and she yields.
"You've improved, Luna."
"Thank you, milady. You've been a great help to me."
"Oh, stop. It's been all you. Take a break, yes?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Lili, let's start again. Shadow my movements."
I get to my feet and take my position before she starts moving. I start my movement in time with hers.
Luna is absent a bit more starting from the midway point of the week. I assume she's training on her own. Emi talks to me a bit more and asks what I do during training. She makes small suggestions on stretches that I can do in the morning and before bed.
There's something she means to say, but always comes short of saying it to me.
My father is away on business. But that has always been the case.
Fourth week. Speed training. I work on things like extreme lateral movement and acceleration. Ropes, weighted clothing and accessories, and running at the bottom of the pool. We try water walking and I pick up on it after a few tries. The rest of that will be left for the academy.
"I'm sorry to interrupt."
Luna quietly approaches me as I run in place with Midori. It's Monday today.
"Luna? Are you okay?" I ask while moving.
"I...don't quite feel well. I would like to return home, if that's alright."
I look to Midori, who is nonplussed.
"We have plenty of room here, Luna," she says.
"I would rather not impose."
"I see." We stop our running. "Then...if you must. Are you sure there's nothing we can do?"
"There is nothing, milady. I apologize again...I should be alright for tomorrow."
"Understood. Please get some rest, Luna."
"Please take care," I say to her. She gives me a kind smile and nods before leaving.
"..."
Midori is clearly worried, but turns to me and makes a gesture to start again. We work quietly for this session, and the rest of the day.
Luna is in her room when I get home, sleeping. My stepmother has relieved her for the rest of the day.
I want to check in on her...but it might be rude to do so. I hope to see her in the morning.
She indeed wakes me up the next morning, and is quiet through breakfast and the entire way up to Midori's place.
"Good morning, Lady Ryuuchi."
"Good morning, Luna." I don't know what it is, but...the exchange sounds off. Luna is still quiet, taking notes. As I do laps, I notice that she speaks very little to Midori-nee. She is just as quiet in the weight room. She stands silently at the edge of the pool, making sure I'm safe while I'm in the water.
Week five out of six arrives. I work on academics and the finer points of shinobi arts, namely handseals. They're not too difficult to get on the first few tries, and I spend much in the way of time learning how they affect chakra flow. I have done homeschooling for the past while also, because of my move out to this part of the country, so I take the time to catch up on my course work. It goes very well with Midori's help. I pass my tests with flying colours, the results have been mailed back during the week.
Luna is absent.
One of the other maids is Sara, a waifish-looking girl with freckles and a terrible, yet endearing laugh. She assured me that Luna would be taken care of, and I relayed the message to Midori-nee. But it hasn't helped much, has it...
I go home. She comes out of her room to tend to me, but says little like the last week. And so it goes, day after day. Nothing changes.
The sixth week is our last scheduled week of training, and Luna says she has errands to run in the next town along with other assignments inside of the house. I have no idea where these came from all of a sudden...I ask Emi about them over breakfast.
"Hm? There are some things she had to do in town, but...there are also some things that she asked to do on my behalf. It's good, since they likely wouldn't get done in time otherwise..."
"..."
I don't know exactly what is going on.
One of the butlers takes me up to the mansion, and it's arranged for one of Midori's maids to escort me back at the end of the day. This week is about physical conditioning, mainly. More weight and resistance training to finish off everything I've learned. But it feels strange, in a way.
"Is she alright?" Midori asks as she watches me do leg raises. "She hasn't seemed well for a while now."
"I don't exactly know," I admit. "She's spent a lot of time in her room, or just doing odd jobs around the mansion as soon as we would get home. When did you notice something was wrong?"
She crouches and puts her head in her hands.
"It must have been two or so weeks ago. She...started to withdraw, but I thought little of it. Then we started talking less and less. Once she said she was unwell, I thought it would resolve, but..." She sighs. "I don't understand. Something must have happened, but I don't know if it was my fault. I can't apologize for something I don't realize I did, you know?"
"Right."
"Hopefully, I...never mind." Midori gets to her feet. "Rest a bit, then we'll move to the vertical bar. Actually...when you're a bit older..."
"What is it?" I ask.
"Well, I don't want to upset Emi any...but pole dancing is a good thing to try."
"Pole dancing? You mean adult dancing?"
"It's not necessarily erotic, you know. There's a sort of unique finesse that goes into the art."
"..." Well, she's not wrong. "You can show me later."
"I'll do that. Just...don't tell your stepmother."
I'm not sure she would mind too much, having spent all that time doing erotic photo shoots. It would make her a...hm. But she's not exactly averse to hypocrisy, is she.
Yes. Best to keep it a secret. For now, anyways.
Training ends successfully. Even so...
It's been a while since I've talked to Luna.
I find her in the kitchen, polishing silverware. Her brown eyes seem a bit dull today, again.
"Luna?"
"Hm?" She turns her head lethargically before snapping to attention. "Miss Lilith. I am at your service. I apologize for being absent recently. What might I help you with?"
"I don't need anything right this moment," I say.
"Yes, understood. My apologies."
"When you're finished, bring some tea up to my room, please."
"Of course, Miss Lilith. Right away." The sullen look on her face returns as she focuses on cleaning the silverware as quickly as possible. I give her one last look before leaving the kitchen.
It's not too long before I hear a knock on my bedroom door.
"Come in," I say, putting down my book.
Luna enters with a silver tray. On top of it is a china teapot, a small bottle of milk, sugar cubes, and a china teacup. She sets the tray down on the table near my bed, and stands rigidly at attention.
"Is there anything else you would like, Miss Lilith?" she asks me.
"Yes." I pat the empty space on the bed beside me. "Please sit."
"As you wish." Luna quietly sits and places her hands in her lap.
"You can talk to me," I say.
"..."
"I don't like seeing you upset. And you have seemed upset for a long while."
"...I just don't feel well."
"Are you sick again? Please, we can find you a very good doctor."
"No...not physically. I'm just...miserable. My work has probably suffered, hasn't it? I apologize, Miss Lilith."
"Your work is fine," I say, getting a bit frustrated. I'm not angry at Luna, I just...want to make her stop hurting. "What is causing you pain? Please, tell me."
She is quiet and still. She doesn't want to answer...but she makes herself do it.
"...for the first time in my life, I don't feel adequate for someone else."
"Is it love?" I ask, thinking of how she and Midori looked together.
"I'm scared to go any further. I don't know what to do."
"..." I know that Luna and Midori-nee have been getting very close, but Luna seems tentative about the whole thing. I don't know why that is. Inadequate? What would make her think something like that? Why would she cause herself such pain?
She deserves what she has now. She deserves someone as warm and kind and loving as Midori-nee.
"I've done this before, I just don't know...I don't know what it is, but I feel like it's a mistake. Like I might not be good enough."
"You shouldn't think such things," I scold lightly.
"You're right. I should simply focus on what's ahead...we're leaving in a week or two, anyways."
I frown. "If you're giving up, then I'll make her my bride eventually," I say, trying to rile her up a little.
"A rivalry? If it's you...it might be nice after all," she says with a solemn smile. She stares at the floor and I feel distressed. I want to fix whatever was wrong, but I know that I can't. It reminded me of the rift between my mother and father.
It's unfair.
"Maybe you could marry me instead?" she jokes. "I already follow you around all day as it is..."
"I can do that too," I say quickly. "If it will make you happy, Luna."
She closes her eyes. "You're too kind sometimes, Miss Lilith..."
"..."
Sometimes I wonder about that. Being kind...was that really who I was? Or was I just dissecting these situations and saying the right things?
Life is confusing sometimes. It's painful.
I want to say something to Luna, to make her feel better. But I don't have anything.
My hand squeezes hers. She looks at me, and produces a melancholy smile as she squeezes mine back.
...
Love is something I still believe in.


Chapter 5
Scarlet Justice - ep. 05"Departures"





My father never actually took care of me. Emi was a terrible mother when I first met her. She was rude, uncaring, and easily annoyed. That was just to start. Never having a child of her own, she saw me as a tool, a means to curry favour. And my father, for his part, always gave her the green light.

From what I have glimpsed of him, my father has remained the same over these past two months. He barely looks at me, doesn't even notice me at times. But Emi has been different. She has been paying attention to me. She has gone from minimal interest to actually caring about me. About not just my progress, but my well-being.

"Lilith."

"Yes, ma'am." We cross paths in the main foyer today. Midori-nee suggested two weeks of rest before my departure to the Leaf; I had done enough work over the past month and a half that I deserved it. No objections came from me.

"..."

"..." We are both silent, and it's quite awkward again.

"I really should apologize. Those dresses look especially horrible on you now. Goodness."

"...I see."

"You look fabulous, physically speaking. I worried with all the training you would become musclebound, or something to that effect...but it's worked out well. Very good."

"Thank you."

"When you do return, I'll be sure to make you look more chic," she says with a smile. Her fingers snap as she walks off, and a maid runs from the other side of the foyer to meet her.

We have had talks like this over the past few days. Short, engaging, and with a compliment or two on her part. She also gives me advice, like the other day.

I should use my lips to smile.

I try it out. It...makes me look subdued, and a bit cuter. I understand why she suggested it, and it's a useful tip for the future. We've somehow become closer, and her eyes have changed. Emi no longer looks down on me...I think she only did it to protect herself. I wondered what kind of threat I could possibly be, but I realize the marriage wasn't all that long ago, even if it feels like it.

She's drinking tea with Luna today. I really do wonder what they could be talking about.

A new day arrives. Luna seems marginally better, though still depressed from what I can tell. She asks me not to worry too much, and I respect her wishes.

Today is a warm and sunny day. I put on something that isn't hideous - a silk shirt and pants will do. Silk always feels nice.

"Luna?"

"Yes, Miss Lilith. How might I help you?" Luna appears in my room a moment later.

"I was going to head up to Midori-nee's mansion. Did you want to come along?"

"I...think I should decline."

"I see." It's disappointing, but the last thing I want to do is pressure her. I give her a hug, and she hugs me back. "Then I will be back in a few hours. Be well."

"Thank you, Miss Lilith. Please take care."

I nod and make my way out. A handsome young butler takes me up the road to Midori's place, and I curtsy before the men in suits. They bow deeply to acknowledge me, and then the large gates slide open to lead me up the path and inside.

We meet one of the regular maids, a woman of average height but with a muscular figure. Her hair sweeps across her eyes.

"Lady Lilith, a pleasure to see you again," she says. I remember her name is Maia, from previous interactions. She sometimes was present in the weight room when Midori-nee and I trained, and helped with spotting.

I curtsy again to acknowledge her and she elegantly returns the gesture. My escort nervously bows deeply, seemingly not to offend her.

"Lady Midoriko is in the yard. She's taken on her natural appearance...did you want me to follow?"

"I will be fine. Thank you very much."

"Understood. If the gentleman would follow me, we have a rest area for him to wait in."

I nod to the butler, who gulps before following her. In the meantime, I head towards the backyard. At first, it seemed like entirely too much space for one woman and her maids. But the words 'natural appearance' made me understand what was going on.

I reach the yard and run into a massive, dark green wall. It has scales on it, big ones, and is moving slightly. Pulsing with what I know is life. The wall of flesh moves until the head of a snake comes into view. It towers high over me, and my height is swallowed up by the single golden eye that stares at me. I can see myself reflected in it, with my awestruck expression.

But I know exactly who this is.

"Midori-nee," I speak into the air.

"Yes, 'tis I. I was taking advantage of the good weather, and its blessed warmth," I hear her say. Her voice is the same as ever, going directly into my head. "Do you dislike this form?"

"Not at all," I reply.

"Really? You're not just saying it?"

"I'm not," I insist. "I like you this way also."

"You really are sweet, Lili. But I'm sure you like the form you first met me in, no? It's very convenient for hugs. I simply have to stretch myself out like this every so often...as much as I love kimonos and racy lingerie, I am a snake through and through."

I nod to that and run a hand across her scaly skin. It's amazing how different it feels. There's a beauty in this form of hers...something that I can't yet describe, but hope to one day soon. "You're really big, Midori-nee. Do all snakes in your world get this size?"

"No, only royalty tends to grow to this size in the first place. There are definitely man-sized snakes to be found amongst the humans, but...mm. I am still growing, even now. One day I should grow big enough to rival him, the Supreme Snake." I hear her sigh. "But I don't want to wait that long. I want to take my rightful place soon."

"Why?" I ask.

"Humanity has already left its disgusting fingerprints on my world. And that foolish...hrm. No, never mind. I will tell you more about that once you are truly ready. I promise."

"Yes. I understand."

"Very good. Now, give me a moment...I think I have absorbed enough sunlight for the day." I step back and Midori's large body begins to glow green before turning into a mass of light. It slowly melts down and shrinks into a humanoid shape...the light melts away, downwards and towards the ground, revealing my elder sister in all her glory. She wears a green kimono for the day and flips her green hair dramatically, giving me a smile.

"You came to see me once more before you left. That makes me so happy, Lili. Did you have anything in mind today?"

"No, nothing. I just wanted to see you."

"Then let's have tea together. Will that suit you?"

"It would."

"Good." She produces a fan from one of her sleeves with a flick of her wrist. "Let us enjoy ourselves."

We sit quietly in the garden, enjoying the scent of the carefully tended-to gardenia flowers nearby. Freshly brewed tea has been brought to us, and we sit beneath the shade of an umbrella at a wooden table. There is a question that has been on my mind for a long while now. I decide that I will ask it, no matter what might happen next.

"Why me?"

"You were the only one to choose," Midori replies, seemingly on reflex. She...has probably been waiting for me to ask that very question.

"This is far bigger than me, isn't it..."

She sips her tea before answering. "Yes. In many ways, it is."

"..."

"Do you resent it, Lili? Knowing this much?"

"No. I love you," I say. It's the only sensible answer. And it's a truthful one.

"I love you, too." She lets out a breath. "No matter what happens...do not be afraid to move forward. I will always be your shield."

As our eyes meet, she smiles warmly at me. And the joy that springs up in my heart makes me smile back at her. It's a new kind of smile, this time.

I want her to treasure this one just like the last.

"Miss Lilith..."

Yes, I know. This is it.

My day of departure.

Luna's voice brings me up and out of bed. "Let's take a bath."

"Yes, Miss Lilith."

Luna washes my hair as she always does, then leaves me to soak in the tub alone. I sit for a while, thinking about what will be coming down the road of life. Cliche, probably...but important all the same.

My equipment and clothing will be procured once I reach the Hidden Leaf Village. Everything important needed has already been packed, including my casual clothing. The hideous dresses will be donated to...I want to say the less fortunate, but I would hesitate to call anyone wearing those things fortunate at any point. Everything else will be bought in the village. Expense is an afterthought. The rich, as Emi tells me constantly, live mysterious lives.

I dress in a light jacket and fuzzy dress, simply to throw something on for the trip down. The slippers I'm wearing can be safely discarded later.

Luna waits for me in the foyer and supervises the loading of the carriage. She nods as I meet up with her.

"Shall we go?" I ask.

"Yes, we shall."

"Has Father already left for the day?"

"He didn't return last night. From what I know, he is completing yet another business deal."

"I see...understood," I say, tonelessly. I have no idea why I keep hoping against hope. Perhaps that bond between father and daughter is more persistent than I realized. "Luna."

"Yes, Miss Lilith?"

"Be honest with me. Tell me what you're feeling."

She pauses for a moment before her face twists up with loathing. "He is a worthless man."

"..."

"I have next to no respect for him. I'm sorry."

I nod. "Don't apologize. It's more than a fair assessment."

She looks at me sadly before composing herself. "Yes. I'll make sure the rest of the bags are downstairs."

A while later, we are outside of the front gates. The carriage that will take us to the Hidden Leaf is ready to depart.

"You know what to do, Luna."

"Yes, Mistress. I will report to you as needed, and inform you of Miss Lilith's graduation date."

"Very good." Emi turns to me, and I can see that she's thinking on what to say.

I wonder. It seems to be more than a generic goodbye, at least this time.

"You are a Kobayashi woman. Remember that, Lilith."

Emotion that I didn't realize I was holding back comes to the surface.

"Thank you," I say with absolute sincerity. I...am there at last. Emi has acknowledged me, openly. She has accepted me.

These past two months have done more than I realized.

"I know that I've looked down on you for the longest time. Lilith, I apologize. The next time we meet...I want to see you as a warrior. As the proud woman that I know you can become."

"I won't fail you," I say with passion. "I promise."

"Hmph." A smug smile shows up on her face. "That much was obvious from the start. You are my stepdaughter, after all. Be on your way, dear. Take care."

"I will. Goodbye." I give her a hug and then move to step into the carriage. Luna starts after me.

"The journey begins in earnest."

There is another person inside with us.

"Lady Midoriko," Luna says quietly.

"'Tis I. I've come to see you both off properly. Lili, do not hesitate to call on me whenever necessary."

"Yes, understood."

"Luna...I have much to say to you. Would you come to me a moment?"

"Yes...of course." Luna leaves her seat beside me to sit next to Midori at the other end of the compartment. The carriage starts to move as the horses pull, and I see Emi waving us off before we leave her sight.

"I have...high standards, Luna. And..."

"..."

"It's a bit insulting on your part to think those things."

"I...don't understand," Luna says, blinking.

"I wouldn't pick someone unworthy of me all of a sudden. It's foolish for you to think that."

"I'm sorry...I didn't mean..."

"If you didn't mean it, then...no, I'm sorry, I might be bad at this myself," Midori says with a soft laugh. She puts her hand on Luna's leg. "I want to hear the words from you, Luna."

"I simply thought that it was too good to be true. Even if it was wrong, I...ran away from you. I thought that it would be better if we just stayed far apart, instead of hurting you and disappointing myself. I misread your feelings, and I judged you. I'm so sorry. I...got scared."

"Why? Did I...?"

"It was nothing you did! Don't misunderstand...I was scared because of how wonderful you are. How perfect you are. You're so beautiful, and intelligent, and kind and warm...and, um." Luna takes Midori's hand in hers. "Incredibly sexy. I thought about you sexually...more than once. You really are a goddess."

"Ah. I'm happy to hear that, you know?"

"You have a sense of humour, too." Luna pauses. "I love you. I really and truly do, Midoriko. Even as I tried to increase the distance between us, I couldn't stop thinking of you. I wanted you so badly, and I was so stupid that I denied myself."

"You know what I am...right?"

"None of that matters. I want to be with you...if you would let me after being so stupid."

"You are not stupid. And neither are you perfect. You're Luna...and you're the person I fell in love with all that time ago. You're exactly my type, you know?"

"A-am I..."

"Smart, and caring...clever...attentive...so many good things. And in the same way you mentioned earlier..."

"Yes...?"

"Being able to make love to you...thinking about it makes my heart beat fast. I've dreamed of you more than once."

"Ah." Luna is blushing. "I...am so flattered to hear that."

"Luna...thank you for accepting my feelings. All of them. I love you."

The kiss they share is filled with passion, and I don't consider pulling my eyes away. It's pure, this expression of love between these two beautiful women. Something that makes indescribable feelings bounce around inside of my head, even as relief and affection courses through me. I watch them get lost in each other for what feels like a long time, before they slowly pull away from each other.

Two pairs of eyes, filled with love and hope for the future. A bond formed over a few weeks and strengthened in a few minutes.

It's more and more beautiful the more I think about it.

At the same time...I wonder if something has blossomed inside of me. I do feel like I could have a case of the vapours if I don't calm down soon.

"I suppose I should go. We will talk soon. Until then...both of you, take care."

Midori gives me a wink before disappearing in small cloud of smoke. Luna takes her place beside me again, face red with heat.

"Window."

"Ah, yes." She opens it, letting fresh air rush into the compartment. I feel better immediately and so does she, though we both still must be blushing a bit.

"Was that better?" I ask.

"Yes. Yes, much better. Thank you, Miss Lilith." She seems to know what I meant by that.

I simply nod and lean back into my seat. The carriage continues to move straight ahead, down the road.

Towards the place where I will make my first mark on this world.


Chapter 6

Scarlet Justice - ep. 06"Early Lessons"

I awake and stir on my own. Luna is sleeping in - I made sure to order her to.

A brief shower in my new bathroom...the water chills me to the bone at first and takes far too long to warm up. But I shrug it off easily and finish washing up before getting dressed. Today's outfit is important, and so I decide not to rock the boat too much.

Something modest will work well. A dark blue shirt with sleeves that flare out starting from the elbow, and black pants that are rolled up to my ankles. Simple and honest.

I make myself breakfast, which is easy enough. Midori and Luna took me through a few simple dishes. Today will be eggs and toast, with a glass of milk. Everything is set after I eat and wash my dishware. I slip into my blue shinobi sandals and wiggle my toes a bit. This is comfortable enough, surely. The key on the table is attached to the end of the short chain attached to my belt, which dips into my pocket. I leave the apartment, lock the door quietly, and head down the single flight of stairs to the bottom.

Mid-town of the Hidden Leaf. A relatively wealthy part of the village, as evidenced by the fact that our modest-looking apartment costs quite a bit in comparison to homes further away. It's early and this city-state - nothing else seems to describe it as accurately - is already lively. People are moving quickly along the sides of the streets, with merchants setting up shop. Carts and small vehicles occupy the middle of the roads as they occasionally pass. There are all sorts of characters here...shinobi and civilians blend together as I walk. My feet take me through the growing crowds towards the Shinobi Academy, which isn't very far away. Or, it doesn't seem like it after all of the training from a few weeks ago.

City life seems busy, but not terribly bad. I will definitely get used to this. Before my mother died, we would take occasional trips down to the closest city, and explore for a few hours. Living out on the estate, however...it had definitely spoiled me. Some habits would have to be shaken away properly, and soon.

The Academy building is welcoming from the outside, with neatly cut grass bordering a sensible concrete path that leads up to the front. It seems like a normal school, but the children here are training to become soldiers. Some would take a different career path, most likely, while others would devote themselves to the military full time. I wonder what my fate will be, even as my parents have deemed this a short experiment. It's possible I might be suited for this life above all others.

I head inside with greetings from some of the instructors. It seems that I am still quite early. The cafeteria is open, and I check in to see that they serve light breakfast before classes. Perfect. This will take some more pressure off of Luna...I really want to learn to navigate everything on my own. And this is an opportunity to get some more dairy in my system. I think of Luna and Midori. Yes, a few extra helpings of milk won't hurt.

Before I leave, there is one more important thing.

"Excuse me, ma'am," I say to the cook behind the counter.

"Yes, honey. What did you need?"

"Do you happen to have curly fries on your menu?"

"Every day, kiddo. We serve them for lunch and for late snacks."

I nod, feeling quite pleased.

School looks to be a fantastic place.

Attendance is important. Emi has told me this more than once in the past few weeks.

Her voice rings in my head as I walk to the designated classroom. Early, but not too early. I feel I have the timing down correctly for a neat and proper first appearance.

"..."

Hm. I wonder what my classmates are like.

There's some shuffling around before I decide to slide the door open.

And something drops onto my head.

The object bounces on the floor in front of me before coming to a stop. An...eraser? That's for...a cloud of dust is falling over my face. I cough and wheeze, inadvertently breathing in the dust and making it worse. It enters my nose, it settles on my clothing and is sprinkled all over my feet. There's so much chalk dust...

Through my teary eyes I can see that nobody is coming to help. They're almost all laughing, and as I clear my vision, I can see that a boy in an orange jumpsuit is laughing hardest of all, clutching his stomach. There's one person in front with black hair who isn't laughing, but...the smug, pitying look he gives me is just as awful.

A prank. Just for fun.

They're all making fun of me, the little foreign girl. The one with her fair skin and scarlet hair, the one who kept sticking out like a sore thumb. Painful memories come rushing back. Nothing had changed.

How cruel.

"What's going on here...?"

I turn my head to see someone else enter the classroom. He must be our sensei...his hair is tied back, and he wears a green military vest. There's a headband with a leaf etched into the metal - the village symbol, I remember. He also has a scar going across the bridge of his nose.

"Oh, no. You're...I'm really sorry about this," he says to me. From what I can tell, he's serious about his work and clearly cares about his students.

"Sensei...it's fine." I was used to this, after all. The shaming, the shunning...all of it.

"It's not fine." He sighs. "Sorry again." I feel him carefully help me get some of the chalk out, touching as much as he thinks he reasonably can before backing off. "Let's get you introduced properly. My name is Iruka Umino, and you can just call me Iruka-sensei like everyone else. Welcome to the Hidden Leaf. I really hope you have a better time than this the rest of the semester..."

Iruka-sensei makes sure we've removed as much of the chalk as possible, then leads me to the front of the classroom. I stand at attention, numb to everything as he writes my name on the board.

"Alright, listen up! Get back into your seats and get your eyes up here, on the double!" The class settles down and complies. "Good. Okay, today we have a new student. I'll let her introduce herself." He nods to me.

"..."

I think about what I want to do. I really should be polite. I should follow the rules, the social contract, all of those things that I've been taught.

Right.

These cowardly little brats don't deserve that much. I will deny them the courtesy they expect, and supply my own.

"My name is Lilith Kobayashi," I say tonelessly. "I look forward to working with all of you."

They start to snicker at me, with chalk still in my hair. I slowly let my lips curl upwards.

And without restraint, I smile.

I force malice through it, letting them see my sharp teeth. I thoroughly enjoy watching the fools squirm and shake in their seats. I close my mouth, and they remain frozen in fear as I walk down the middle aisle, towards the empty seat near the back of the classroom. Iruka-sensei seems thrown off by my introduction and is taking time to find himself.

As I reach my desk, I hear unsubtle movements. It seems that I now have plenty of space to myself. Hm.

I suppose I will not be making friends any time soon, but that should be fine. I've managed before.

Something curious. A timid looking girl with pure white eyes is sitting nearby. She's out of place compared to her classmates, because her desk has not moved an inch since I arrived. She looks at me quickly before burying her head in her notes, or trying to with little success. I wonder. Is she too frightened to move, or just too stupid to understand the message I sent earlier?

I suppose I will find out. I sit, and Iruka-sensei gets control of the class again.

Lunch is predictable. Everyone moves away from me and I sit alone with my curly fries.

"Mm."

They're quite good, even without ketchup. I can get used to this.

Class ends after a slow day, and I head home with a few books in hand. Tomorrow I will carry my backpack with the essential items for each of my classes, now that I know what is necessary. Today I have gone through reading, writing, and chakra control. Iruka-sensei says that the other items will come later, but that it looks like I won't have trouble catching up.

I tell Luna about my day. She's very upset after seeing me come home with the chalk in my hair, but I manage to calm her down.

"I don't disapprove of your use of intimidation, especially after what they did...but it'll be hard to make new friends. If you're okay with that, then I understand. You'll always have my support and that of Lady Midoriko." She muses a bit as she herds me into the bathroom. "Your teacher, Master Umino...he seems very nice. I hope there are more teachers like him around."

Luna tells me that she's found some things to occupy her time. She's joined a dance group and an outdoor painting group that meets twice a week. That would be good for her. I don't need her waiting on me hand and foot any longer...I think I need to grow up a bit.

She washes my hair carefully and tenderly as we take a bath together, and I help wash hers in return. We take a soak together and chat about our new lives so far. After getting out, she gets to work cooking me dinner. Grilled salmon and spicy curly fries.

Today will end on a good note as a result.

The weeks pass. I endure being ostracized by the class. Iruka-sensei does his best to help every day, but it doesn't result in progress. He looks after Naruto a whole lot, I notice. He's a child who craves attention, and that was the reason behind the prank he pulled on me.

We pass each other in the halls from time to time, and he seems lost in his own world. Sometimes...he seems different. Like he's drained of energy. I don't know for sure what his home life is like.

Basic ninjutsu comes into my grasp as classes continue, and with great ease. Body substitution, clone arts, body flickering, and water walking are all learned quickly. Iruka-sensei praises me and offers small tips, which I internalize for better results. Within a short period of time, I end up near the top ranks of my year...this bothers the pink haired girl - Sakura Haruno - and her blonde frenemy - Ino Yamanaka. They're vying for a certain boy's attention.

Sasuke Uchiha.

Supposedly, he's important. I remember that he wasn't having fun at my expense on that day, but he seems like the kind of person who cares about his ego more than anything. He was still looking down on me. Pitying me like I was trash.

Naruto is a loudmouth. He's predictably at the bottom of the class, despite declaring himself Sasuke's rival. A buffoon, to be sure.

I investigate and get the name of the timid girl who sits near me without fail. Our desks have been rearranged so that I'm squarely in the back corner, and she is now beside me. Her name is Hinata Hyuuga, I learn from overhearing gossip. She is an elite, a high born girl just like I am. But...she's different. Much different.

I wonder what she's really like.

Iruka-sensei sends me home at the end of the day with more books.

"Lilith, is everything okay?"

"Yes, sensei."

"Are you sure?" He means to put his hand on my shoulder but stops. I sigh and place it there for him.

"I'm sure, sensei. Thank you for watching over me. I'm growing quickly thanks to that."

"Hehe, I think you would have done that much on your own. Listen, if you ever need to talk, it would be between us. No pressure."

"I understand. I'll see you tomorrow, then?"

"Bright and early!" He grins, and...hm. It's so much like Naruto that it seems uncanny.

Perhaps the reason he always puts up with Naruto's antics is...I see. It makes a lot more sense now. He really is kind.

"Sensei, remember to get your rest also. I wouldn't want to see you burn out."

"Right. I promise I'll take care of myself." He lightly pats my shoulder before moving away.

I leave the classroom for home, and wonder on his kindness. Something tells me that someone with that big a heart must be carrying immense pain alongside it. One day, when I'm older...I will find a way to properly comfort him.

He deserves that and much more.


Chapter 7

Scarlet Justice - ep. 07"Kissing Sunflowers"

Today we are outside at one of the Leaf's many training fields. An obstacle course has been set up. It looks to be easy enough to deal with...certainly nothing compared to running with Midori-nee.

"Alright, today's your first major test of the year," Iruka-sensei says. It's a warm morning, usual for the Leaf. "The obstacle course ahead is part of a race between two teams each, running in pairs against each other. As a special treat for today, the winner will also get a prize! We're going to be ranking everyone based on times."

The class murmurs amongst themselves before Iruka-sensei calms them down.

"The overall winner is the pair with the fastest time through the course. Ideally, you'll cross the finish line together. But your final time will be determined by when the last member of your team crosses the line. That means you can cross the finish line separately, but it's to your benefit to keep pace with each other. This is about endurance and teamwork. You need to run two laps for this," he says as he holds his fingers up. "Go to the end where the flag is, activate it with chakra, then run through the course again towards the starting line. Because of the nature of the course, you'll skip the very first obstacle on your return trip and focus on getting to the finish. That means you do the low nets once only. Got it? Any questions?"

"Yo, Iruka-sensei! What's the prize gonna be?" Kiba Inuzuka asks. His dog Akamaru barks from on top of his head to punctuate the question.

"That's a secret. Work hard and you'll find out what it is."

"Can we share the prize with someone?" Sakura asks.

"Maybe. Can't say for sure. Okay, pair up. You all know each other by now, so pick a good partner."

This challenge seems to be about efficiency. I don't see anyone in particular I want to pair up with, though. Unfortunate...I do have options.

Naruto is filled with energy...but he's a complete idiot. Sasuke is strong in many areas, but he's not much for teamwork at all. Shikamaru...no, that was a dare that I couldn't stomach taking at this point. He is an unbelievable sort of character.

There is one person. I'll try...I don't expect much, but there's no shame in failing at this point. I am already alone as far as the class is concerned.

I walk over to Hinata, the girl who was always nearby in homeroom. She is standing alone, pressing her fingers together.

"Lady Hinata," I say as politely as I can. There is an irritation at having to pander like this to mere children.

Oh. But she wasn't laughing on that day, was she? I remember now. She was...sad. Not pitying me. Genuinely sad.

"Ah? Um...t-there's no need for formalities, you know?"

"I see. Then just call me Lili, if you'd like." I feel like it would make sense to connect with her, even if it's just this one time.

She nods quickly. "I-I can do that...did you need something from me...?"

"I'd like to be your partner for today."

"Oh...um..." She looks across the field towards Naruto, who is trying to court Sakura unsuccessfully. She and Ino are instead fighting over Sasuke again. Hinata was always looking at Naruto for some strange reason...I don't know what she sees in him, but it has to be something to make her that jittery.

"I understand if you would like to be with someone else," I say. She snaps out of her thoughts to look at me.

"N-no...it's not that. I'd like to join you. I mean...if you would join me," she says quietly.

"I appreciate that. I think we will make a good team," I reply.

She stares at me a moment before smiling. "Yes. I...feel the same, Lili."

I politely return her smile.

Now that we are paired up, the competition can begin in earnest.

"Begin!" Iruka-sensei shouts, sending the first of many pairings off. The times are predictably slow. From what I can see...

The high wall is meant to be climbed using the chakra on our feet, and we can't peek beyond it to see what's on the other side. Most of us are going in blind, which is an effective enough test.

Naruto gets stuck with Choji, and they run against Shino and Shikamaru.

"Let's get this over with," Shikamaru says in his usual bored tone. I want to slap him.

"Get ready to lose!" Naruto shouts back. Choji pats his stomach and takes up a runners' stance beside Naruto.

"Ready...begin!" Iruka-sensei shouts. They take off quickly enough...for academy students.

Was everyone really this slow?

The pairs crawl through sand under low nets as the first obstacle. Choji's round frame causes problems as Naruto scrappily moves ahead. Shikamaru and Shino move at a steady pace. Naruto leaves his partner in the dust and moves to climb the wall...

...then falls on his head shortly after. Right. His chakra control was horrid. Shikamaru and Shino cruise to the other side, making it back on the return trip as their opponents barely make it up the wall. I can hear Naruto yelling like a madman as he races around.

Well after Shino crosses the finish line, Naruto jumps over the wall on his return trip. It looks like he's miscalculated the height of his fall and makes a painful landing, rolling to the finish. Hinata lets out a small gasp and slowly moves towards him.

"Ah...a-are you alright, Naruto?"

"Ugh...fine..."

"O-okay."

I still don't see what's appealing about him. Iruka-sensei palms his face in frustration.

After Naruto and Choji post the slowest time of the day (no thanks to Choji), it's Sasuke's turn. He's paired with Kiba and Akamaru.

At the signal, Sasuke and Kiba take off, looking much faster than the others - though it helps they're facing two nobodies near the bottom half of the class. Sasuke is focused on the course, Kiba is focused on showing up Sasuke. It ends up working out as they blaze ahead to the day's fastest time. However, I note that Sasuke's chakra control isn't close to immaculate either. Interesting for the supposed class number one. He seems to pick up on my scrutiny and glares in my direction, startling Hinata. I ignore him and walk to the starting line.

Hinata's nerves have suddenly settled, and she looks determined to make this count. Ino and Sakura on the other side of us have put away their grudge to take on a mutual enemy.

Me.

How intriguing.

"Begin!"

I take off with Hinata. As expected, she's not nearly as quick, so I adjust my pace. We're neck and neck with the other girls after crawling through the sand. The wall is coming up, and from my knowledge of the Hyuuga...

...good. Easily done. Sakura and Ino are no slouches either, keeping pace with us as we run up the wooden wall. But if I've gleaned this information correctly...

"Hinata, jump."

"Yes!"

We hit the top of the wall and see it immediately - a smattering of logs forming a descending staircase, and ringed with barbed wire on the sides. I hop down from log to log, hearing Hinata follow as I hit the ground. Taking a moment to glance back, I can see that her face is flushed.

The pace was too much right now. I've gotten well ahead of myself.

There's a sizable gap between my team and the others. If we keep up this pace, fastest time might be within our grasp. On the other hand...Hinata isn't looking the best. Perhaps it's time to slow down, even at the possible cost of victory.

"I-I'm...o-okay..."

She doesn't want to let me down. She wants to try her best. I remember being looked down on the past few weeks. I remember feeling humiliated. I remember being bullied, and left out, and mocked for merely being different.

I will not fall into the trap. I will not be like the others. I am different.

And so, I will reward this girl's faith in me. No matter the cost.

"We're going to slow down."

"B-but..."

I grab her by the wrist gently. She stares at me in confusion as we jog together, panting and flustered.

"You're my partner. I will not let you get hurt, and I will not leave you behind. We will fight, together."

"Lili..."

"Let's take it slightly slower. Our pace will bring us back in line with those two, but it will be fine. We still have a return trip, remember. We have to endure, and we have to focus. Understood?"

She nods as we continue running, slower this time. I feel we are at a suitable pace and let go of her wrist, letting her run freely beside me. Sakura and Ino are pulling even with us through the straightaway. It would have been nice to run a faster time, to assuredly win.

But this is more important.

The next obstacle coming up is a large, deep-looking basin of water. I can't see the bottom. Hinata and I come to a stop, and I take her hand in mine.

"Ready?" I ask.

"Yes," she replies confidently. It's a side of her I've never seen before, and I'm glad to see it. Not just because of the competition, either. We lag a bit behind our rivals as we water-walk, but the focus is on keeping an even pace with each other. We cross, move ahead, and reach vertical bars over a small chasm.

"Let's go."

"Yes!"

Hinata is a quiet girl. But quiet doesn't mean weak. We tear through the bars, making up time, and then drop onto a rope suspended over a bed of wood chips. Seems benign, but any manner of traps could be inside. No reason to risk it.

"Faster?" I ask my partner.

"I can do it...I think..."

I take it as a yes and nod. "Follow my lead." We move lightly across the rope, feeling each other out and synchronizing the bounce as best we can. Leaving the rope, we see the last portion ahead is wall jumping over a pit before we reach the flagpole in the distance. As I take my first step, I understand what is happening...the walls are slippery even with chakra adhesion, and we can't remain still for too long. Hinata and I use our strong chakra control to bounce through and to the end, where the flag is. We touch the base and flow chakra into it to register our lap time.

"Now...back to the start," I say.

"Please follow me this time," Hinata says. She makes a single seal with her hand. "I don't know if this will truly help, but...Byakugan!"

Her eyes seem a bit brighter and veins have popped up on the sides of her face. So this is the Hyuuga bloodline limit...capable of seeing in a complete circle around the user. Rather impressive.

Hinata easily jumps ahead and does the wall jumping section as I follow. She still seems a bit winded, but now she's definitely leading me.

We're well ahead, but she's going faster...right.

This isn't just a head to head. This is about total time.

She wants the win like I do.

We reach the top of the first wall, and I decide to go for it. With a big leap, I pull Hinata into my arms while in the air, calculate the landing, and hit the ground with one roll to go across the finish line.

"L-Lili...ah..."

I look at her apologetically. "I'm sorry. I wanted to win this one."

Her blush is bright, but she nods anyways, giving me a tender smile. "I understand...m-me too..."

I set her down and wait for the results.

Sasuke and Kiba eventually win by a second.

The prize is two vouchers for free barbeque.

We return to the classroom and go through some short lessons before being dismissed for the day. A warm bath would be nice once I made it home.

"L-Lili..."

Hinata bashfully presents me with a bottle after class is dismissed for the day. Her head is pointed downwards.

"Hm? What's this for?"

"It's...um, I noticed you like milk a lot, s-so I brought some from my home...it's specially fortified milk..."

"Hm." I take the bottle from her politely and bow my head. The cap comes off, and I drink.

I drink down the whole bottle in one go.

It's really delicious.

"I thought...y-you worried about it too," she says. I wonder what she means. Then she crosses her arms over her chest, and I understand completely.

"Yes. I do. You're the same," I say.

She blushes and nods. "Do you think...if I grow, that he'll notice?"

"No," I say bluntly. "He's an idiot."

"Oh..." She deflates at that.

"But there's more than that at your disposal, Hinata. Don't give up."

"Yes...I won't. Thank you. Um, Lili?"

I lick my lips and scan the nutrition label before answering. "Yes?"

"Are you...also doing it for a guy you like?" She presses her fingers together again. "Um, I mean to say...is there anyone you like?"

"..." I think on it a moment. It would be a tough question. I'm young, rich, and was raised in a heavily patriarchal household, even if my father wasn't around to directly enforce his will. I lived a life that taught me that a good man, a good and wealthy man at least, was the holy grail. Legacy was important. Prestige was important.

That much is understood.

Midori and Luna kissing was super hot.

That much is very well understood.

I know where my priorities lie. Clearly.

"I like girls," I say bluntly. "No interest in boys." That is not a lie. I have never paid attention to men as much as I did women - I know Luna's three sizes and when they change, for example. Was I simply too young to know better? Possible. But unlikely. This didn't feel like a phase...if it was, then it must have been a very long one.

This is one "gift" I don't resent my father giving me.

"O-oh...um...okay." Hinata seems a bit taken aback, but it's natural.

"I don't think I'm into anyone here, either," I add. "No offense to you."

Hinata blushes and shakes her head. "I-I'm not offended by that..."

"Okay." I turn my head to her, giving her a wink. "You're still very cute, you know. I'd date you."

"Ah? Eh? Lili...?" She's short-circuiting. Oh, she's precious.

"I'm going to head home for now. Thank you for the milk, it's very delicious. I'll see you tomorrow, Hinata. Oh, and well done today. You were a wonderful partner."

She nods furiously as I leave, speechless as her face has turned bright red.

I wasn't lying to her. She's incredibly cute.

...and incredibly fun to tease.


Chapter 8
Scarlet Justice - ep. 08"The Challengers"
The next set of classes put more of a focus on tree climbing and water walking. I try not to show off too much, but complete the exercises easily enough. It's the same as the training I did at Midori's place, so I'm familiar enough with how it all works.Hinata does her best as well, improving day by day. She also make sure to bring some of the fortified milk for me daily. It's nice after having curly fries."Ah? There's no reason to pay me back...it's no trouble."We're sitting together at lunch, away from everyone else. Hinata wasn't terribly popular either, and had to deal with bullying from the other high-class girls."I suppose that's fine," I say. "Where is it ported in from?""Ah...um, there's a card..." She takes it out of her pocket and hands it to me. This is good, I can tell Luna to make some bulk orders for the house. "I-I don't mind bringing you some either way...""If that's what you want, then I can go with it. Thank you, Hinata.""Of course...you're welcome, Lili." She gives me a bright smile. "Ah, I'll be back in a moment...I wanted to check for something...""Take your time," I say as she leaves. As I continue biting into my fries, I notice someone approaching."Hey, Lilith.""Iruka-sensei. To what do I owe the pleasure?" I say in greeting."Ah, just came around to check on the kids. You mind if I sit?""Please, go ahead.""Thanks." He takes a seat on the bench beside me. "I was just looking at your reports, and you're amazing. You've already passed by most of the class at this point in the year, you know?""Thank you, sensei.""You're definitely a genius.""Really? I doubt it. I think that anyone who works hard enough could do this sort of thing." I think on it for a moment. "At least, that was my assumption. Sensei, do I really stand out that much?""You really do. Even among the clan children, you're doing very well. It's not very common, but there are stories of children from outside shinobi villages taking to chakra and the shinobi life very quickly. That alone doesn't guarantee success, but...""Hm." Perhaps I was different after all. Iruka would know that much, wouldn't he? And he's been honest with me about everything, ever since I entered his classroom. I am special...I see. Then the only thing to do is embrace that strength and use it to move forward.Midori did say much the same thing, didn't she...I suppose she didn't want to let my head swell up too fast. So this is where I am...potentially a genius of some sort."I wouldn't speak too quickly, sensei. There's still work to be done.""You're different, too. Most children would be excited at hearing that news, and would rush home to tell their parents.""It hasn't been a conventional journey, exactly," I say before biting into another fry."I guess you can tell me more about that later, if you feel like it.""I just might, sensei." I wipe my mouth with a napkin. "Thank you for your encouragement. It's meant a lot.""Gotta help the leaves grow, right?" he says with a smile."Ah. Sensei...d-did you need something from us?" Hinata asks as she returns."No, no. I was just talking to Lilith here about her progress. Speaking of that, you've been improving as well, Hinata. Well done!""T-thank you, sensei." She timidly bows before taking her seat."Did you find what you were looking for?" I ask her."N-no...none today either.""Hm.""It's good to see you two together. I really was worried about both of you getting isolated from the class," Iruka says as he gets up. "Anyways, I'll see you later-""Iruka-sensei! Help me out!"Naruto rushes towards us and ends up bumping into the table, making it shake slightly. He holds his side a bit before frantically moving his arms."Listen! I forgot my tools at home again-""All of them? Again? You're unbelievable," Iruka grumbles. "Alright, just calm down. We'll go to the equipment storage and get you a kit to borrow. Again. Make sure it's back in my hands by the end of the day.""Alright!""I mean it this time.""Alright, alright! I promise!"Iruka sighs. "I'll see you girls later. Come on, knucklehead.""Listen, it was seriously on the list...""Yeah, whatever. I seriously should consider letting you flunk that class...""What! Sensei, you really can't..."I can't imagine dealing with that almost every day of the week. Or thinking about it.Or falling in love with it. I can see Hinata pushing her fingers together, deep in thought.Seriously. What does anyone see in that idiot?
Today I wake up early for a bath with Luna. It's the day of my ninjutsu midterm.We sit in the tub together and she tends to my hair expertly as always. No sense in looking less than my best, after all."Luna.""Yes, Miss Lilith?""I like girls.""Hm." I can't see her expression from here, but she sounds unsurprised by my revelation. "Well, I think Mistress Emi will be a bit disappointed...but accepting of you. Shall I keep it a secret for now?""Yes. I would like to tell her myself. I've already told Hinata.""Oh, that's not a problem. Lady Hinata is very quiet...she won't tell a soul. But I suppose you figured that much, hm?""I did."Luna pauses a moment to put something into my hair. It feels cool against my scalp. Her hands start to work again. "Miss Lilith, you're sure that you like girls?""I'm sure," I say. "It's not just a lack of interest in men. I like how women look and feel better. They're soft and warm and sensual and...""You get a sort of heat in your chest," she finishes."Yes.""I understand. I don't think it's a passing thing...I found myself interested in girls when I was younger, but I kept hearing it was a phase and went out with boys. My papa never said anything, but...he knew. He definitely knew," Luna says with a soft laugh. She runs water through my hair to rinse it. "So he very subtly introduced me to girls from time to time. I didn't notice until I started living on my own, but those were happy days. After that, I was sure that I wanted to be with a woman, and decided to act on those desires. But you're very self-assured, Miss Lilith. As expected of you.""Hopefully I find someone to be with. I'd rather not become a pervert," I say."That's a bit silly to say," Luna says."Hm.""So are there any girls your age that you have an interest in?""Not that I know of. The cute ones are all into guys. Like Sasuke.""I see. From what I've seen, he has some handsome qualities.""Oh.""What is it?" Luna asks.I close my eyes. "You're also a pedophile, then."Luna sighs, exasperated as she continues to rinse my hair. "Miss Lilith, you are terrible sometimes."We finish washing up and eat breakfast together. Luna sends me off with a bottle of milk, and she tells me that she will put in the orders for the fortified milk by the end of the day.I reach the schoolhouse early and use the relative quiet to look over my notes, then head towards my new classroom. With things getting more serious in this second semester, most of our classes will take place in a bigger, wider room. It's essentially a lecture hall, which I don't mind at all.Iruka is no longer our only teacher, and our class size has doubled after being merged with a few others."Today is your big ninjutsu test. We would like you to show us what you've learned so far in terms of more advanced techniques. There's no pressure for them to be battlefield ready, so we'll accommodate you as much as we can in this closed environment."I feel confident enough. Three techniques, which should suit me well for the time being. Two water, one lightning. This is probably well ahead of the rest of the class, lending credence to what Iruka said the other day. It very well might be genius territory.We will see what the other instructors think.Everyone gets a form and sits down at their desk to fill it in. Up to five techniques can be put on at once, the fewest we can submit is two. I submit my three, with the name of the jutsu, the element if applicable, the intended application and any additional effects that I might have observed. When finished, I hand my sheet to one of the instructors. He raises an eyebrow and looks at me before stamping the sheet and putting it into a pile.Once everyone is done, we head out to the field and the various instructors use their ninjutsu to create or move obstacles as needed. Several of my classmates have impressive looking clan techniques. Shikamaru manipulates his shadow, Choji can make parts of his body massive, and Kiba can have Akamaru transform into a near-perfect clone of himself.Predictably, Naruto is unable to perform even the most basic ninjutsu. Sakura has filled her sheet with basic arts that she tries to execute as cleanly as possible, but are pretty much worthless."Next, Kobayashi." The woman holding up the clipboard lets out a low whistle as she sees my list, then smiles towards me. "Right. Let's see your Lightning Release technique, then."One of the instructors uses Earth Release to create a large, heavy boulder. I stand at what I think is a reasonable distance from it, focus my chakra, and make an amusingly fitting seal.Snake."Lightning Release: False Darkness."The spear of lightning shoots forward from my mouth and pierces the boulder, tearing it apart in a jagged burst of light. Definitely needs more work, but I'm satisfied with the result for now. The instructors, who were clearly skeptical, are now standing impressed."Where the hell did you learn that?!" Naruto yells."My onee-san. She taught me," I reply calmly. Midori gave me the technique scroll during our training, and we did work on it without actually launching the jutsu. This was my first try."Eh...? N-no way...""That was...really good, Lili," Hinata says quietly from beside me."Thank you."I can feel someone's glare at my back. Turning my head slightly, it's as I expect: Sasuke is staring at me ruefully. Everyone else seems awed at the power displayed or disturbed at how strong I might be. My reputation hasn't exactly improved, but being near the top of the class affords me some respect at the least. I am frequently known as an ice queen.Barely acceptable.My demonstration gets me a perfect grade.
The semester moves ahead. I end up studying more often with Hinata in the library, and she seems grateful for it. Iruka gives me more material, but this time its geared towards shoring up my personal weaknesses. He observes and I report.My genjutsu skill is now developed enough to break basic illusions with ease, and I can identify when I'm trapped. I have speed far beyond that of the rest of the class, and it also allows me to mask any deficiencies in taijutsu or strength. My hope is that I can leverage my strengths so that I'm never exposed too quickly in a confrontation.The girls have a few sections separate from the boys. Flower arranging is one of them, and it's where the girls gossip the most...about boys, and about each other. I've kept my nose out of it, instead focusing on lessons with Hinata next to me. Though for all her seemingly narcissistic traits...Ino is extremely good at flower arranging and deciphering hidden meanings from each pattern laid out in front of her. She's very much the teacher's pet, and it doesn't hurt that her father is one of the Leaf's higher-ups.This morning is when she decides to pay me a visit. Her hands go onto her hips as she stares me down."So what's your deal, anyways?"Definitely a bit high on herself. "There's no deal," I say bluntly, pretending to know what she's going on about."Are you trying to impress Sasuke?""No." I continue with my notes. "I have no interest in boys," I say casually.Ino seems confused and opens her mouth to speak, then closes it quickly. "Hmph." She flips her blonde hair over her shoulder and walks back to her desk before sitting."..."After taking one last look at me, she goes back to gossiping with the other girls in her circle."W-was it okay to tell her?" Hinata asks from beside me."It's fine. She didn't understand a word I said," I reply calmly."Ah...okay."I have to wonder what the endgame is. Are they being manipulated into liking him by their families? Or is it something else entirely?I can't pretend to care too much. Even if I did like boys, his face is far too punchable to stand.
It's now the point where the semester is winding down. We are approaching the end of school and graduation...being slotted into the same year as my other classmates, this means I will be leaving the academy with them at the end of this year. I have to wonder what would happen if I wasn't doing so well, but the infrequent sight of some students older than me and in remedial classes gives a bit of an answer. I would likely repeat the year until I graduated or simply dropped out.This time of year is frantic. The increased pressure from courses, the rising temperatures, and the beginning of what is informally known as sparring season. Classes are built around the potential for interruption as traditional sparring can take place at nearly any time. Students follow tradition and tend to schedule their fights at times that won't cause as much disruption, but mainly due to the fact that they can get as many people out to watch as possible. These last few months before the final exams are said to be packed with the most call-outs and challenges.I near the end of an enjoyable lunch, alone this time. Hinata seems to have something to look after. The bottle of fortified milk nears my lips."You."A most unwelcome interruption. And from the most unwelcome of people, to boot."Sasuke. May I help you?" I ask calmly."We're sparring after lunch," he says. "Feel free to decline if you're scared."A need to assert dominance. I understand it well enough. My father is much the same."I am not foolish. Everyone has already caught wind of your challenge by now.""Hmph. Clever."He walks away without another word. Well. This is my first challenge so far, and it's from the class number one. I can decline easily, but it wouldn't look good on me. It's one thing to be labelled an icy bitch, it's another to be called a coward. But fighting him...might be quite troublesome. He's got height and power over me, being a boy.I find myself thinking of that idiot slacker Shikamaru while I enjoy my milk. This really is a bother."Lili..."Hinata appears in front of me, seeming like she's been running. "I...um, I heard about it...""Yes. It's happening after lunch." I take another long sip of my milk. No turning back."I'll be cheering you on," she says with confidence. I give her a nod."Thank you."My eyes catch the time on the clock. Ten minutes.Fine. It's time to get to work.


Chapter 9
Scarlet Justice - ep. 09"Lost Courage"
"Alright. Participants, get ready for battle."I walk towards Iruka and Sasuke follows suit. The rules here are simple enough: taijutsu, basic Academy techniques, and modified shinobi tools only. In these conditions we shouldn't have to worry much about lethal injury. The fight ends with surrender, knockout, or at the discretion of the referee.I make the seal of confrontation and Sasuke follows suit. There's a pulse coming from him...he seems to have dark designs for the match."We'll see if you're worth anything after all," he says."..." Rude, isn't he. Perhaps I need to fix that.The crowd, gathered well back of the designated fighting circle, seems to be in Sasuke's corner. I know that I have at least one supporter in Hinata, and that's more than good enough for now. It's too bad I can't see her in the mass of people..."Ready!" Iruka calls out.I continue holding the seal until the appropriate time."Begin!"I block as Sasuke throws the first punch, feeling its weight as it sends me sliding backwards. He moves and follows with a kick that I swiftly dodge before re-positioning myself.Alright. I can see a few things going on.Sasuke is strong, and quick. He outclasses me overall in taijutsu. Simple assessments.He could really be trouble if I'm not careful. I have to focus and search for a proper approach. I know that I'm faster, and will likely have much more stamina. These can be used to my advantage immediately.I take a quick step backwards and avoid Sasuke's next punch, then start running towards the edge of the ring before stepping to my left as he attacks again. Reaching into the pouch on my side, I whip out shuriken and pepper the ground in front of Sasuke to make him slow down.He pauses for a moment before pushing chakra into high speed movement, crossing the gap between us. He really does have some impressive speed, doesn't he. I admire it for a moment before leaning away from another hard punch, and note him winding up for a roundhouse kick. Not good, but manageable. Time to use one of my strengths.I quickly split my legs and drop to the ground, letting the attack sail over my head before I pop back up and cartwheel away to a safe position.I take a moment to catch my breath. Sasuke quickly recovers from his attack and throws a kunai at me; it slams into my chest and makes 'me' wince before I turn into a small log in a puff of smoke. My time is now, then. I accelerate through the small cloud and hit Sasuke in the face with a right hook, making him stumble. I follow up with two rapid knees to the gut and finish with a somersault kick, sending him to the ground on his back.It seems like I'm holding my own this time, which is more than I could have hoped for. I make sure to ready another kunai as I land, and take my stance again. Sasuke looks at me with frustration and contempt before drawing his own kunai and charging.His strikes are strong, as expected...I do my best to dodge and parry whatever I can as our weapons continue to clash loudly. A strong swing makes me stumble as I block, and he follows up with an open palm to my chest. It hurts, but I need to focus...I speed to my left to avoid his wild slash, getting behind him, then speed up again to drive an elbow into his back, making him grunt in pain.It's another relatively weak attack, but I can settle for breaking his combat rhythm. My combat speed has helped a lot, since I'm really not that strong yet...hopefully that will change one day soon. I settle back into position, waiting for the next movement.Sasuke weaves handseals and makes a clone of himself, which arms itself with an extra kunai at the same time he does before charging.I grumble to myself. With actual ninjutsu on hand, this wouldn't be an issue...for now, I will have to guess a bit. One of them is fake with fake weapons, but none have been thrown. He's probably betting on a substitution. If he does get too close before I can react, I will be at his mercy when it comes to taijutsu yet again. Pick the right direction to move, and I can go right through the clone...but that is also a big risk.I keep my focus, looking for clues as he moves. He's not at full speed just yet.The shadows.Right. Sasuke's is clearly defined as he moves, coming in from the right. And on the left, his clone is winding up and ready to throw his weapons.The safe move is to attack both with ninja tools. That way, it will at the least make him block and force a reset for both of us."..."Forget all of that. I'm going to make the hard read instead.I draw more kunai and shoot ahead, then brake briefly before shooting towards the Sasuke on my left...and stopping on a dime, much to the real Sasuke's shock. Looks like he underestimated my body control. The clone passes through me harmlessly as I whirl around, gathering momentum, and unload a set of kunai into Sasuke's chest. The impact makes him float in the air briefly before he hits the ground painfully."Aaaaagh!" He scrambles to his feet, visibly hurt. "You...!""..."I watch as he drops his weapons and makes a single seal, huffing and puffing. "I'll put an end to this.""...?"I can feel his chakra building at a distance. Before I can fully process what's happening, he disappeared from my sight completely. This is...I catch a blur at the very last moment and raise my arm to block the incoming strike, a heavy kick that throws me to the ground on my side. My eyes widen and I roll out of the way as Sasuke's foot comes down where my head once was, and stand up to see that he has disappeared again.Where is he...?Suddenly I can feel his elbow go into my back, and I can't help but cry out in pain. A moment later, he attacks from the front and drives a fist into my stomach, making me reel. He follows with a kick to the face that I escape with a substitution art, leaving a small log behind.I catch my breath some distance away, wincing as my body tries to absorb the pain. He's going all out. Definitely. I know that if he sustains that pace for too long, I'm done for...yes, he's burning energy very quickly, but it won't matter if my teeth are all the way down my throat. He's seriously trying to hurt me. I skip back a few more steps and see him disappear again.Alright. There is one thing to do, and only one thing.This is no time to be scared. No, it's time to take the fight right to him.I focus and feel the energy rush through my body. Sasuke appears in front of me.I can easily see him coming.He throws a punch and I step past it, elbowing him in the chest and making him fly backwards before he hits the ground. Good. I've closed the power and speed gap for the time being, and I will surely take advantage.I take a breath in and accelerate, feeling the wind whip past my ears as I duck another punch. I gain position, then chain punches to Sasuke's body, sending him stumbling backwards and off-balance as he gasps for air. I spin on my heel and launch a kick that hits him squarely in the side. It looks like his chakra boost has worn off. I won't dare stop at this point.He's open and I drive forward again, punching him in the side of the mouth, feeling my knuckles sting as they slam into his cheek bone. I move across with another punch and end up hitting a log, but Sasuke isn't far away as his movements start to slow. I rush forward before the log can hit the ground, charging him and sliding to avoid his swinging fist. At the last moment I pop upwards to deliver an uppercut, sending Sasuke through the air. He soon hits the ground, rolling backwards before getting to his feet.I feel my temporary burst wear off, and the shock makes me gasp for air. I look over at Sasuke, who has bruises and dirt all over his body. He spits into the dirt and forces himself into a stance, intending to move forward against his body's wishes.I know that I'm nearly there. The soreness is catching up with me, so this is nothing but a good thing.The next move...what's the right move for this stage of the fight? I ready myself for more high speed movement.Sasuke approaches, but...as he moves, I know something is wrong. He throws punches that come out more and more slowly, and instead of attacking, I decide to take my time to dodge everything. Sasuke chases me slowly around the ring, his exhaustion making him heavier and heavier with each moment. I let him do as he pleases.He whiffs a punch and stumbles to the ground, slow to move. I reasoned that it has to be inexperience...he had probably never gone that low on chakra before in a fight, or at any point. It's affecting his overall coordination..."..."There is no sense in humiliating him, or dragging things out further.I walked over to him and place a knee on his back before he can truly get up. One hand goes onto the back of his head, and the other holds a kunai gently against his neck."That's it," Iruka calls out.I nod to acknowledge him and holster my weapon as I move away, taking some time on my knees to catch my breath. A few parts of my body are definitely sore...but this has been a welcome experience. I know where I am and where I stand. A good match.This is the time for proper sportsmanship. Iruka checks Sasuke for serious injury as he brings him to his feet. Sasuke insists he's okay, even as he glares at me. I make no move to provoke him any further; aside from his fragile ego, it wouldn't be fair to do it at this time. My victory is more than enough. For the first time, I'm aware of the crowd as they move in closer after the match's conclusion. Hinata shakily makes her way to the front and gives me a wave. I smile and wave back to her. I hope I made her happy with that performance, and that I've inspired her a bit.There are many mutterings of disbelief, and distressed commentary after Sasuke's loss - more than my win, of course. Many are unhappy. I really don't care.I get to my feet and face Sasuke, presenting my hand for the Academy tradition. The Seal of Reconciliation was meant to remind everyone that even after an intense fight, these were still your comrades. People you should care about, and respect, if only a little. That sounds like a good thing to adhere to.Iruka is looking after other children as Sasuke looks down at my hand for a moment. I try to reassure him with a gentle smile, keeping my mouth closed as Emi taught me. He doesn't return my gesture, but raises his hand.My guard is slack enough that I don't realize what's happening.His hand is above mine.I stare into his eyes, and can see nothing but the colour of blood. I freeze. I can see what's happening but I can't stop it. I can't talk. I can't scream.His hand is high above mine.I am on my knees.The air disappears.It's so dark.It's so-
 
"I don't like people."I remember this memory. I said it to my stepmother one day, in the midst of those training days.She took a long drag of her cigarette, placed on the end of a stick, as she lounged on her couch. Rings of smoke came from her lips, and she gave me a smile...one that was filled with sadness and understanding."Oh, honey. Who the hell does?"
An eternity passes.No.A second split into unholy pieces.My eyes fly open. My chest heaves painfully as I gasp for air. My hands fly to my throat and clutch it as tears come to my eyes. I can't stop coughing even as I try to breathe.I am in pain.I am utterly, indescribably, furious.I am upset.I am so terribly hurt."Lili!"A hand...Hinata's hand. I can feel it on top of mine. I clutch at it as if my life depends on it, and she lets me. I slowly calm down and breathing becomes less stressful.So many voices...but there's one that cuts through the void and into me."You think you can look down on me?! On everyone here?! Just because you're fucking rich, from the middle of nowhere! I don't need your pity! DON'T LOOK DOWN ON ME! DON'T YOU FUCKING TREAT ME LIKE GARBAGE-!"I can hear struggling and Iruka's voice ringing out sternly.It's quiet a while. Hinata rubs my back as I keep trying to get more air. Iruka comes back and kneels before me."Lilith...tell me what hurts. I need to hear that you're okay," he says."..." I force myself upwards, shaking, and move Hinata's hand away."Lili...? Are you-""Stop. Leave me alone," I say firmly. I can feel the tender flesh on my neck as I touch it. I can feel the chill that ripples down my spine as I remember."Lilith, we need to get you-""Leave me," I repeat. "I'm going home.""No." Iruka stands in front of me. "You have to go to the infirmary. Lilith, I am not making a request. Sasuke will be disciplined for this as soon as we figure out what happened, but you have to get yourself checked out." He turns to the crowd. "As for the rest of you, the fight's over. Leave, find something else to do."The crowd slowly disperses.Hinata keeps trying to get close to me, and I shake her away. I don't want her. I don't want anyone."Stop. Stop it, Hinata."She clings to my back, shaking. I stop resisting and let her stay."I'll go with you," she whispers. "I want you to be okay...please...""Please look after her, Hinata. I have to take care of Sasuke first, because of what I think I saw...I'll meet you two over there."Hinata moves me towards the infirmary as I stare at the ground. A nurse comes to check on me after talking with Iruka. I can't remember what happened.I'm just so tired.So...tired.Luna comes to see me."Miss Lilith."Her voice calls me out of my haze. I turn my head on my pillow to look at her. I have no will left to speak."I understand." She sits on the bed next to me, and takes my hand in hers. It's warm. Soft.I'm eternally thankful for her.
It's night. Everyone is asleep, and so is Luna. She did her best. She tried her hardest.I love her. So much.But even that can't stop the tears from flowing.In this bed. Lost. Hurt. Alone. I tried so hard. I did my best. And even then, I...I...I can't do anything but cry. In a time and place where nobody will ever hear me.Someone...tell me. Where do I go from here?


Chapter 10
Scarlet Justice - ep. 10"Semper Fidelis"

The morning comes. I end up examined by the same nurse as before, and she sends me home with Luna. I have no appetite and head into my room as soon as I can, sitting on my bed with my knees pulled up to my chest.I sit. And do nothing else.Sometimes I shudder and shake, sometimes I cry quietly. The memories move and sway inside of my head. I feel cold and numb. Luna comes in to check on me, and I simply shake my head whenever she asks a question. She leaves me alone each time."Miss Lilith. I brought you something."Luna quietly leaves a glass on the table beside my bed, then exits my room. It's already night, and I have spent a long time reliving that recent nightmare. My stomach growls and I leave my position for the first time to drink the mixture Luna has left for me. I can't taste much of anything, but it feels nutritious. The glass is drained and I set it back down before lying down in my bed.I sleep.

"Master Umino said that it's perfectly fine if you take the week off, and beyond that."I make my way to breakfast this morning. Two more days have passed. Luna's cooking tastes like cardboard, and it makes my heart sink. She puts her love into everything, I know that for sure.Iruka cares. I also know that. And I remember what I saw...Sasuke's eyes changing to red as he had his hands around my neck, choking off my air. It was a brief moment, enough to make my body lock up."..."But I also saw...fear. And intense anger. As if he had lost something important. Did I shatter his ego that badly, or was it something beyond my understanding? The Uchiha are a clan on the brink of extinction. Only two are said to remain: Sasuke, and the man who betrayed him and the rest of his clan. Itachi Uchiha.Sasuke's older brother in blood.I don't know if I want to go back. I'm not sure I'm ready to face those people, or see the place where I was nearly brought to ruin. It's difficult."I'll go to class," I say quietly."Miss Lilith...you don't have to...""I...want to. Please. Even if it's just to find my way again," I say. "I...can't do much else.""Consider staying another day, at least," Luna pleads gently.I shake my head. "I'll only sink further. It's for the best.""I understand. I'll...prepare your clothing, then." She reluctantly takes away my plate of half-eaten food, and I excuse myself from the table to take a shower. After getting dressed, I gather my things and pull on my sandals slowly."Shall I come with you?" Luna asks. I shake my head again, and she nods. "Please take care, then...I am at your service forever, Miss Lilith. Please don't hesitate...even if it means...""I know, Luna." I hug her with the strength I have left. "Thank you..."I depart.

As soon as I reach the front of the Academy, Iruka is there. He gently takes me through the halls and to a quiet classroom, away from the other students. There are already books and scrolls on top of the teacher's desk."Go ahead and sit. Anything you want to eat?" he asks."Nothing.""Alright. Did you want some milk as usual?""If it's...not a hassle.""Far from it. The lesson plan today starts from the ninjutsu books. You remember the pages?""Yes, sir."He smiles kindly "Good. I'll be back in a bit."I open the book and start reading.The silence is soothing and peaceful.

I return home after a short day, and Luna is out running errands. It's still hard to eat, so I shovel down a sleeve of crackers and plain tea before taking a shower. I drop onto my bed and stare at the ceiling for a long while.The match keeps running through my head. I don't know what I did wrong. I don't understand much of anything right now, and this slow haze that hangs over me is becoming...irritating. I can feel something starting to solidify, but I don't know if it's good or bad at this point. I just know that I don't want to wallow in self-pity for the rest of my life."Miss Lilith?""Luna...please, come in."She opens the door and bows. "I'm sorry that I wasn't home when you arrived, I was attending to an urgent matter.""Of course...it's not a problem, Luna.""It...was regarding you. I finished speaking with Master Iruka, and he said that before he would let you back into the regular flow of classes, he wanted to speak to us both about what happened with Sasuke. It's in part because I'm your official guardian on all the documents, but he also has a strong desire to keep me in the loop with all of these things.""I see...""The meeting will be scheduled at your pleasure, Miss Lilith.""..." I might need more time. But I want to get this done and over with. I want to move on. "Tomorrow. What do we need to do in terms of arrangements?" I ask."We will simply show up in the morning. He has a room ready for us, as he told me."I nod. "Then...that is what we will do. We will see him tomorrow, and talk about exactly what happened...""Understood. I will prepare myself accordingly. Would you like me to mix another drink for your supper, Miss Lilith?""Yes. I don't...feel up to eating a proper meal yet. And I don't want to waste more of your cooking.""You shouldn't worry about things like that.""Hm." I allow myself the first smile in what feels like a long while. "Perhaps. But I'm within my rights to worry about my Luna.""...you are, yes." She smiles back at me. "Then I will carry out your instructions, Miss Lilith. Please excuse me while I prepare.""Yes."Luna bows and closes the door to my room. After a long while, I get up from my bed and go towards my bookshelf. Along with the light novels and manga, there are academic books that I saw and took an interest in. Some history on the Leaf..."..."Something I can make use of, perhaps.

Another morning. I still am excused from classes, but from what I have been told, I have not been missing very much in terms of content. Sparring sessions still go on, and people are talking about Kiba on the boys' side and Ino on the girls' side. I'm not terribly shocked by Ino's mention - she has great perception and physical flexibility, much like I do. Our differences come from overall athleticism and talent, which I have over her. That's a bit more justification for her snobbish attitude, I suppose.Luna has gone with a more formal look for our meeting, wearing a neat jacket over a long, dark dress as she escorts me to the Academy. Iruka is out front waiting for us, and waves as we approach."I have a room set up, like I said. It's good to see you again, Miss Daidouji."She smiles and curtsies for him. "Thank you, Master Iruka.""Lilith, I'm glad to see you most of all. How are you feeling?" he asks."Better than before," I tell him honestly."I see. I really want you to take it easy, but it looks like you've insisted on doing this...so I won't stop you. Please, this way."Iruka takes us down the halls and towards one of the fancier offices, which I can tell isn't his. We sit in the luxurious leather chairs, and he leans back against the polished wood desk. It has several drinks on it already and some snacks, in case we get parched or hungry in the time we're here. He's far too much sometimes."The reason I wanted you both here is because of the sensitive nature of the information that I'm going to provide. There's a lot that I probably shouldn't be talking about, especially to people still considered outsiders to the village. But...I'm not going to let something like that stop me. Even if it means my career, I'm going to do the right thing.""You really shouldn't speak like that, Master Iruka. If I might speak out of turn, you do have a sort of boyish recklessness about you," Luna says.Iruka laughs heartily. "You're right about that. I was a troublemaker in my youth, a big one, too. Just like someone else we know, right Lilith?"So that's what it is. He sees himself in Naruto, and so...well, it explains a lot. "You really think he can change, then.""I know he can. That's why I put up with him all day...he's really a good kid, just a little lost sometimes. A person to help him on the right path, even if it is a little bit...well, I know that can make all the difference in the world. For me, it was the Third Hokage. He cheered me up a lot, and I thought that I wanted to be like him one day. That's how I got into teaching, you know?""That's a remarkable thing," I say. "You're right, simply showing someone that they're cared about and valued...it can change their lives. I know the feeling very well." I would be in a completely different place if not for Midori loving and recognizing me. That was what set off everything else. The discovery of these talents, my stepmother's acceptance, and making my first friend in this world. Everything started from that moment, that pure expression of love in a garden of flowers."I can tell," Iruka says with a smile. He coughs into his hand and I can see his expression change a bit. "Well...to business, as they say. The results of your examinations show that there was an aberration in your chakra consistent with the effects of being hit with a genjutsu. Physically, you've recovered fine from the attempt at strangulation. All of that combined with the other things I saw told me that it was a Sharingan genjutsu, and that Sasuke took advantage of that to hurt you.""Sasuke is the last of his clan, if I've been hearing correctly," Luna says."That's right. And based on that...there's a hypothesis that I've constructed. Sasuke hasn't been talking much about what happened on his end, and as much as I would like to give him a proper punishment, there are a lot of outside forces that make it difficult to apply more than a slap on the wrist. Even then, there's a lot to consider with the Sharingan.""Sensei...what is the hypothesis you've constructed?" I ask."This is where the sensitive information comes in," Iruka says. "Sasuke was purposely left alive by his older brother Itachi after the massacre of the entire Uchiha Clan. Even the children were killed. Part of Sasuke's motivation to continue being a shinobi, ever since that day seven years ago, was to track down and kill Itachi in order to avenge his fallen clan. While we can make as many suggestions as we like and bring down our authority, in truth we can't actually stop Sasuke from choosing to pursue his brother at any time if he makes the declaration. We would be bound to provide him as many resources as he needed, and then he could be on his way. That's clearly counterproductive, and Sasuke has made no such demands since he knows where he stands. This...creates the issue that boiled over with Lilith.""...""Sasuke was the class number one, by leaps and bounds. He was respected and admired by everyone, he was held up as a shining example of an academy student. But then you arrived, Lilith. You weren't much of a threat before. You were very much a 'nobody'. But you worked hard, leveraged your talents, and started to climb the ranks. Instead of trying to gain favour with the other students like Naruto with pranks and antics, or bowing to pressure like Hinata used to, or simply going with the flow like Sakura perhaps, you stood up for yourself. You walked alone, confidently. Showed off impressive strength and technical ability, did great in academics and athletics. And you did all of that without associating with anyone. Yes, it doesn't make sense - they were the ones who shunned you in the first place. But to him, and to many of these children, you are the picture of arrogance. A foreign, rich girl who bought her way into the shinobi world and was looking down on everyone from her perch.""I see...""But that might have been it, if not for the fight," Iruka says with a sigh. He rubs his temples with one hand, a distressed look on his face. "Sasuke wanted to challenge you and put you in your place. You were just a small girl with no actual combat experience. He thought he would crush you. He thought he would take you down as many pegs as needed, and that you would learn your lesson. That didn't happen. You outclassed him. And though you did everything you could to be a good sport, to show him respect, to follow the social contracts laid out before us...he still saw you sneering at him. Being so thoroughly outclassed, and more than that, surpassed in such a short time...it must have made him frightened beyond belief.""Frightened?" Luna asks. "Whatever for? What has Miss Lilith done?""No, no...I'm sorry, I wasn't clear. The fear comes from the gap between them...between him and Itachi.""He was frightened that all of his work was going to come to nothing. That he would never become good enough to complete his mission," I conclude."Yes. All of that pain and frustration and fear must have mixed together...it must have overwhelmed him even as he tried to control it. And that sort of grief...""...unlocks the powers of the Sharingan," I say."We tried to get him to do it manually, but he can't. It must have been a temporary burst, which is a thing that happened with Uchiha. Sometimes their Sharingan would activate in dire times, before shutting off until they experienced enough to have it stay on permanently. I...really don't know what his actual feelings were. I don't know what he could have been thinking, or if he was hallucinating, something like that. With all of the grief and chakra running through his system, it could have put him into some sort of psychosis and he would have been attacking a nightmarish enemy. I don't want to sound like I'm making any excuses for what he did - Sharingan or not, it was unacceptable. But it's been largely out of my hands...he's said to be fit for the rest of his classes, and I have to accept that much if it's what the higher ups will tell me after all the examinations. I can't..." Iruka rubs at his hair in frustration. "I can't promise that he'll be perfect. Or that things similar to this won't happen again. I turned my back for a moment...""Don't blame yourself," I say. "Please.""I feel responsible even if you say that. I was supervising you, I was supposed to keep you safe.""You are. Right now, you are."He looks at me with sadness in his eyes. "Lilith. I...""It's not your fault. And I won't let this stop me from moving toward a better future. Sensei...you risked a lot to try and soothe my soul. Thank you so much, from the bottom of my heart.""I echo Miss Lilith's sentiments. Master Iruka, you have done us a wonderful service, one that most educators would shy away from," Luna says."You will be paid back a thousandfold for your faith," I say. "I promise you.""Lilith-""I promise you," I say firmly, staring into his eyes. "And I will not turn back on my word. That is what it means to be a Kobayashi woman.""...understood." He relents, giving me a relaxed smile. "No sense in fighting someone so stubborn, anyways.""She is a handful at times, yes.""Oh?" I say with a brow raised. "Is that so, Luna?"She has a smug look on her face. "Without a doubt. But you wouldn't be Miss Lilith otherwise. And I wouldn't have it any other way.""Hmph." I close my eyes and smile. "Well said."We work out what will happen next, and it's decided that I will take more time off until next week. Classes will be going at the same speed, and I will easily be able to catch up to anything that I missed. Iruka is forcing Sasuke to work on an apology; it's slow going but should be ready by the time I return. He will tell Hinata that I am doing well, and inform the rest of the instructors of my status.The Third Hokage is also aware of the incident, but as usual, there is all kinds of politics that ties his hands in these matters. I see no reason either way to hold him in contempt...Sasuke is an important figure within the Hidden Leaf. My feelings don't change any of that.Luna and I bid Iruka farewell, properly, with warm hugs for him. He still fusses over how it might look if he was seen 'inappropriately' touching a student, which is the same as ever with him. I hug him tightly anyways to show my appreciation.We head home, and though I feel a bit better, food still doesn't taste the best. I settle for one of Luna's blended drinks and go to work on my studies a while. Luna and I watch an old movie on television together at the end of the night."Your eyes have changed, Miss Lilith.""Have they..."Luna turns off the television as the movie ends. "Yes. I saw the strength in them when you made that promise to Master Iruka.""It took a while. Dark nights, ones filled with tears and suffering. But I have found myself." I turn myself to face her on the couch. "I have come through too much, and I have come too far to give up. I don't want to waste the faith that my stepmother has in me. I don't want to waste the love that Midori poured into me without fail. And I don't want to waste your sacrifices for me, Luna. I cannot let any of that disappear into nothingness."I hold my hand up to the light, and slowly close it into a fist."I am strong. I will endure.""Yes. I believe in you," Luna says. "I will always believe in you.""That is all I will ever need from you, Luna. Thank you.""Forever and always, Miss Lilith." She hugs me tightly, and I hug her back.No matter what happens, I will not run away. I have already overcome this darkness.Now, I will overcome the world.


Chapter 11
 

Scarlet Justice - ep. 11"Semper Anticus"

It's slow going, even after I gather my resolve. Luna's cooking still doesn't have the taste it should, so I stick to simple foods, vitamins, and drinking liquids. I do my stretches and exercises at home, staying there until the beginning of the next week.

When the time finally does come, I feel up to eating breakfast. Not where I want it to be, but...it's a start. I think the short depression did more to me physically than it did mentally, somehow.

Luna hugs me tightly before I leave. The air outside feels heavy and moist, which only makes sense...being able to afford central air helps a lot with comfort in this type of climate. I walk to school through the usual morning crowds, along the same route, towards the same entrance. Iruka is there waiting, and he looks at me carefully.

"Are you ready?" he asks.

"Yes, sensei. With your permission."

He nods and steps aside, letting me through. I go to the cafeteria first, where the cook hands me my usual order of dairy and asks how I'm doing. It seems she hasn't heard about the incident in full, so I deflect a little - there's no need to cause trouble on my return. I think the entire saga has been filed away under 'need to know'.

I drink down my milk while doing a bit of extra studying, then head for the big study hall when I'm ready. There are more people than I remember, and it must be because of the proximity to the final exams. I walk in quietly and take a seat in one of the distant corners, electing not to interact with anyone for now. Heads turn to look at me, and...it's strange in a lot of ways. How their eyes look.

They're pitying me again.

Even though I won, and I was the victim in the end...but then, I realize it makes sense. They don't realize a thing. They don't understand. Perhaps my eyes have changed more than I realized. They look so...trashy. So fake. So plastic and useless, these people. Who are they to me? What are they to me? These fools who wrapped my name in dirt and curses, over and over and over again.

This is what Emi sees. Why she chose to protect herself above all else. Now it makes perfect sense...she must have been attacked like this in the past herself. Experiencing this kind of ridicule would make anyone curl up into themselves. But I have already decided that I am above all of that.

Today's lesson is a review of tool application. I barely give the lesson any thought and daydream a while about the future. What sorts of missions would I be sent on? Hm. Probably small tasks to start. Deliveries and odd jobs. Handling responsibility, I suppose.

Class ends and I watch everyone file out before starting to do the same.

"Lili?"

I reach the door and turn. There is a welcome, familiar face.

"Hinata. It's good to see you again," I say with a smile.

"Y-you too...I'm so glad...so glad you're okay." She clasps her hands together as she smiles at me. I open my arms to her, and she comes running, squeezing me tightly. I hug her back.

"I know that you sent prayers my way. Thank you for worrying so much, even if I don't deserve it..."

"That's...not true." I feel her squeeze me tighter. "Lili...thank goodness."

"..." There are still people in this world that I feel an attachment to, after all. I can't turn my heart to ice completely. Not yet, anyways. And certainly not towards Hinata. "Shall we head to class? We shouldn't be late."

"Yes." We let go of each other, and I can see her happy smile again. She really is too cute to handle at times.

The next class is for the tea ceremony. An easy enough thing, but the proximity to people irritates me today for some reason. I don't know why exactly it is...perhaps my body is reacting again before my mind can process it. It's easily overcome, though. I work with Hinata and start to brew our tea as part of today's lesson.

Footsteps come towards my table. I pay them no mind.

"Um...Lilith?"

I lift my head and give my visitor a side-eye look. I am already wearied at this point.

"Ino. How may I help you?" I ask. She flinches, feeling the bite in my voice.

"I...about the other day...I'm so sorry about what happened. It wasn't right. I just...wanted...wanted to..."

"..."

"I just wanted to say that I'm not okay with it, at all. Even if...it was Sasuke. It was bad, it wasn't...um..." She nervously brushes back a strand of hair. "I know that I've been...I haven't been..."

I wish she would hurry up. But...she's trying, at least. Which is more than could be said for any of the other trash she hangs out with.

"I know that I've been indifferent to you, and just...not nice. I'm sorry. I was wrong."

"Are you pitying me?" I press. She stiffens and rubs one of her arms. The poor thing might burst into tears any moment now.

"N-no! No...I didn't mean to...imply..."

I look back into my tea, watching the ripples that move across the surface.

It's enough.

"Lili is fine," I say without looking at her.

"O-okay. I-I'm sorry again...Lili. Thank you."

"Understood. Be well, Ino."

"Yes."

She bows quickly before walking back to her table. I watch her leave, thinking about her approach, and her apology to me. Is it really enough?

"..."

It is. That much is good enough, for now.

"Lili? Is it...really okay?" Hinata asks me.

"It's perfectly fine. Ino is simply a girl...but she has her heart in the right place."

"I see...um...it's hard to connect with that type of person...for me."

"It will come in time," I assure her.

"Yes."

I feel my loathing of humanity build, despite earlier performances.

I really am selfish. Oh well.

Hinata presents me a bottle of milk at lunch. I gently take it from her, and note her expression. It's heavy, as if she's in pain.

Still thinking of me, to that extent. She really is silly sometimes.

"Are you alright?" I ask.

She sits and looks at me, confused. "Y-you're worried about me?"

"Yes. There are very few people in the world that I care for...and you are one of them."

"Lili..." She rubs at her eyes. "I'm fine...I was..."

"Frightened for me."

She nods slowly. I let out a breath as I flick open the bottle lid with one finger.

"I might be damaged. Deeply, at that...staring at death as I did is more than a small blow to the psyche. But I have overcome the first hurdle, and I will be fine. I promise you, Hinata."

I sip from my bottle and lick my lips.

"..."

How curious. Milk tastes as delicious as ever.

The day is nearly over, and I welcome it. We have free study today for the last block of class. I make use of the time to practice my balance on a suspended rope in the yard. It's quite easy...I did have a knack for it while training at Midori's place.

I think of her as I walk back and forth across the rope in silence.

"Oi!"

It's suddenly noisy. Surely it will pass.

"Oi! Down here!"

"..."

I turn my head to see a certain blonde idiot on the ground below. The same dumb orange clothing, the same silly goggles perched on his head. The same stupid voice. I had gone all day without experiencing his antics.

His look is determined this time around. As if he might have business with me.

How absurd. This nonsense is the very last thing I need. I am almost done with the day. I can go home, I can hug Luna and take a warm bath. I can lie in my bed and read manga before I go to sleep. So close. It's so irritating...

"Listen! I'm challenging you to a fight! You got that?"

I drop down from the rope and glare at him from afar. There is no way he said that.

"I ain't Sasuke! I'll give you a proper fight this time!"

I tilt my head, incredulous. Is this child...brain dead, possibly?

His skills are rudimentary at best, and he was there to see what happened the other day. Did he think this was some sort of joke? A game? A competition, just another long line of challenges between himself and Sasuke? I can feel my chest getting hot with anger.

No. Calm down. I have to slow myself, even if he's asking for it.

"No pressure, yeah?" Naruto says while folding his arms. "You can back out any time you like, but I've already told everyone that I'm gonna beat you! I'm better than that loser Sasuke, and I don't choke people out or kick 'em when the match is over, ya know?"

"..." The more he speaks, the more genuine he seems.

"So how about it?"

I would lose nothing by declining. And it might be better for my mental health if I simply walk away right now and head home. This can be safely brushed off as a bad joke, and the only one laughed at would be Naruto.

But then...I think of all the ways I can use this to my advantage. This irritation needs to go away somehow, and working out my stress...

"..."

I'll make use of this child. I walk up to him and stare him down.

"Make sure you don't regret your decision," I say firmly. Naruto grins and pumps his fists in response.

"Yosh, got it! I'm gonna tell Iruka-sensei the good news! Be back soon!"

I watch him run off towards the main building. In the meantime, I gather my things from my bag, and make sure they're secure on my body. It seems I'm ready.

"..."

That boy is going to be my punching bag today. I feel sorry for him.

Almost.


Chapter 12
Scarlet Justice - ep. 12"Recognition"
We return to the same field as before. I walk casually towards my position, putting on the icy mask expected of me for my spectators. For Iruka, a brief melting as he looks towards me, trying to gauge my readiness.
"Just say the word," he reminds me. I nod and give him a reassuring smile.
The same rules as before apply for this, my second spar at the Academy. Taijutsu, basic Academy ninjutsu, and modified shinobi tools. Surrender, knockout, and referee discretion will end the fight. The crowd seems slightly bigger today, possibly because this is taking place near the end of the school day.
From what I can hear, their loathing of me is still strong. They back Naruto. Some even whisper that I provoked Sasuke into attacking so that I could make myself look better. Children really can be cruel.
Iruka firmly explains the rules and is ready to step in at the slightest notion of foul play. I see Hinata, who had decided to come after all. Seeing her best friend and her obvious crush fighting might have been too much for her, I assumed. But she's here, nervously watching us both from the front.
"Before you both start...we have some business to take care of, since everyone involved is here. Lilith, a moment," Iruka says to me.
"Yes, of course."
He nods and beckons someone closer. It's Sasuke, who looks none the worse for wear after our skirmish the other day. But given all of the examining done, it would be a crime if he didn't look perfectly fine. The Hidden Leaf's golden child, indeed.
"Sasuke has something he's been working on. Go on," Iruka says, backing away a few steps and taking a fidgeting Naruto with him. Sasuke stops in front of me and lets out a breath.
I'm waiting with the understanding of what is about to happen. Once this is done with, I should be...better. Not yet well, but better. I will settle for that.
"Lilith...I'm sorry for what happened to you during our spar. I may have gone too far, and I apologize for that." He extends his hand with the Seal of Reconciliation towards me.
My head is filled with noise.
"What was...it? You're sorry for...?" I ask slowly.
"I'm sorry for what happened. It was an accident, and it won't happen again."
"Sasuke-"
Iruka is too late.
I extend my hand towards his, and all is quiet.
"Do you remember what you said? About...me looking down on you, Sasuke?"
"..." He stares at me, confused.
And I slap his hand away with my own.
"Here's me looking down on you right now. Just as you wished for. Get out of my face, I have a fight to take care of."
"Lilith-"
"Iruka-sensei." My blood is like ice. I speak with the same authority that I delivered at our meeting. This absolute conviction that if cultivated, will move mountains with but a single command. "You have every right to demand that Sasuke give me an apology. And he has the right to present it in any way that he sees fit. But I am by no means obligated to accept that fake, flimsy, useless apology. Something that would lower the value of any paper it was printed on to less than that of dirt. There is an anger, a loathing in my chest for humanity that cannot be erased. A fury that could have been quenched, if only a little, by a decent apology, by something with some sort of meaning. Sasuke Uchiha, you have apologized for nothing. Leave. Me. Be."
"You...!" Sasuke tries to control himself. "I'm trying to apologize, and you-"
"What's this? Are you feeling humiliated? Breathless? Let me tell you something." I step closer and speak into his ear. "The only way that you will ever pay penance to me now...is by spilling your own blood at my feet."
I withdraw and see his face pale. Iruka doesn't know what to make of my words, and at this point, I don't care if he ever does.
"My name is not bitch, or ice queen, or runt, or girl. My name is Lilith Kobayashi. And you will not forget it. Sensei, get him out of here and start the match."
"R-right. Sasuke, make your way back."
"But-!"
"Sasuke, go," Iruka orders. "We'll talk about it later."
Sasuke's face twists up in frustration. He eventually does turn away from me, complying with orders and heading back into the crowd. Conversation ripples through the air...this is the second time I've humiliated him publicly in as many days.
But he asked for it. It didn't have to be this way. He chose this.
I wanted nothing but to be comrades. To work harmoniously, even if we were sometimes at odds. But he never gave me the chance. None of these pitiful humans did. I am doing the only thing that makes sense. I am protecting myself.
And I will never, ever apologize for that.
"Fighters ready," Iruka says as he returns. Naruto steps in front of me and makes the Seal of Confrontation, which I mirror.
Mirror...
Something like that...I see a reflection. Iruka's words come back to the front of my mind.
A good child, looking for attention. That was this fight, yes. Another chance to be seen. But why? The pranks, the foolish outbursts...
The...other side of the mirror. I dove inward, and he...dove out.
"You're alone, too...aren't you?" I hear him ask me.
And suddenly, I understand. Something to prove. Something to strive for. But on his own terms, for his own reasons. More than chasing Sasuke, he wants to see if he can reach me.
"..."
It seems I didn't judge this boy correctly. Still...I will have to crush that ambition of his. We're still worlds apart. He will have to learn his place today. Painfully.
"You're not like Sasuke," I say, to his surprise. "You understand. But...the result will be the same."
He blinks before responding with a stupid, cocky smirk. "Yeah? We'll see about that."
Iruka makes sure we're both ready.
"Begin!"
Naruto immediately jumps into the air and comes down with a punch as I retreat.
"Come ooooooon!"
More than what's on the surface, then. Fine.
Time to move. First, a sidestep to make him miss. He predictably drops from the air and whiffs, stumbling before whirling around with an awkward looking kick. Naruto quickly recovers and starts throwing punch after punch at me, but...they're all woefully slow and easily dodged.
I...am not sure what to make of any of this. At all. His taijutsu is bad. Disturbingly bad. How is it that he has no form whatsoever?
It goes on like this. He mixes in kicks, presumably trying to catch me off guard, but none of those land either. He only succeeds in throwing himself off balance every few moves, missing as I sway from side to side easily. It's very much light exercise at this point. The others are cheering him on, quite reluctantly.
"Dammit! So...fast!"
"..."
I use a quick body flicker and move to his back, tossing a wave of shuriken at him before he can react. All of them hit him in the back, and as he falls over, I tense for a substitution.
"..."
One that never comes.
"Gaaaaaaah! That hurts! I forgot you could use shuriken!"
"..."
I am currently perplexed.
He gets up and dusts himself off as I look on. "At this rate, I'm not gonna do much better than Sasuke. Alright...it's time to get serious!"
Naruto roots around his tool pouch and pulls out a rather large amount of shinobi tools at once. No. He wouldn't.
"Here it comes!" he yells. "The Uzumaki Ninja Tool Barrage!"
He's really doing it. God, what is wrong with him?
Running towards me, he throws all of the weapons in his hands at me at once. He then comes to a sudden stop, making a seal and focusing. Definitely up to something, but...with his limited repertoire, what could it possibly be?
No sense in waiting for an answer. I'll take him seriously, just like he wanted.
I tense my legs and accelerate, weaving through the wide spaces left by his spread of shinobi tools. He's depressingly inaccurate, as he always is, and so it's easy to go past his so called barrage and race towards him.
Now or never.
"Here it is!"
I take one more bounding step and reach him. My options...I don't know what to expect, so I'll reach out and try to disrupt whatever he might be doing, breaking his concentration, and maybe I can pin or throw him with my momentum.
A cloud of smoke bursts forth as I put my hands on him and-
...
...
...what. What is this.
"..."
My hand is...gripping something that I know is supposed to be soft. But it feels like a water balloon, filled to the point where it might burst. The smoke starts to clear and I...can't believe what my eyes are registering. One of them I can feel twitching as I come to an understanding of my situation.
This is the 'secret' jutsu.
A blonde woman in twintails, completely naked, with smoke still lingering over her most sensitive areas. My hand is gripping one of her breasts, caught in my intended grab from earlier. She looks at me with a nervous smile.
"S-so...um...hi?"
I feel like I should be impressed. Even the voice matches a woman's perfectly.
There are far too many questions. Iruka looks like he's about to lose his mind.
Well.
Seems we've definitely crossed some sort of threshold for nonsense.
"You," I say calmly.
"E-eh?"
I squeeze. Hard. The woman in front of me lets out a yelp, and in the meantime I spin and drive a kick into the side of her head. She flies backwards and slides along the ground before reverting back into Naruto.
I face him and sneer, looking down on him. "Absolutely disgusting," I growl.
"G-geez..." Naruto is slow to get up, wobbling on his feet.
"You're a damned pervert. But more than that...I don't know what the hell you could have been thinking with that pathetic display."
"S-shut up! You don't have to go that far!" he shouts back at me, embarrassed.
"Foolish. Anyone who misses the mark by that much should be shamed."
"You...eh?" He stops.
"It seems you don't understand," I say with a flip of my hair. "A woman's body has nuance to it. The feeling of her soft flesh. The curvature of her healthy frame. And the lovely comfort and bounce of her chest. All of these things and more need to be considered if you're going to imitate it. Otherwise, it's just cheap trash. I suppose you've never even touched a pair of breasts, so I wouldn't expect you to understand."
"But...but-but-but...doesn't that make you a pervert, too?" he whines.
"A pervert? Don't be even more of an idiot. I simply know what I'm talking about as a woman. Your useless imitation is only good for luring in the most egregious perverts from a distance. And leaving all of that aside, doing things of this nature shouldn't be the only thing you know how to do with the transformation technique. If you're that limited, you might as well drop out of school now," I say with a hand on my hip.
"Hm..." Naruto rubs his head before taking a stance. "Alright! Then all I have to do is beat the secrets for the perfect Sexy Jutsu out of you!"
I blink at him. There's a realization, somewhere. Clearly he's a single-minded idiot. A massive pervert. A buffoon. Lazy. Loud. Supremely annoying.
"..."
He is...a lot of things.
And today, he helped me forget about a lot of things. It's depressing that we have an interest in common, but...well, is that so bad? Is that so terrible? Perhaps not. Within this fight, I've forgotten the anger that stung me. I've forgotten how alone I was in the world.
I can see him waiting for me.
"Beat me..."
I give him a smile.
"I suppose you can come and try, Naruto."
"Lili! Make sure you beat up that stupid pervert for women everywhere!" Ino's gotten into it, it seems. One more for my side, then?
"Oi! Shut up!" Naruto yells back.
I glance over at Hinata...who predictably has her blushing face in her hands. It figures.
"Alright, Miss Genius! Let's do this!" Naruto draws a kunai and charges me head on. Another idiotic move, but I expect nothing less at this point. I charge back, abandoning strategy to give him what he craves as I draw my kunai in turn. Our weapons clash and bounce away from each other before we bring them back.
This is a pure, welcome feeling. We're not at the pinnacle of combat, but we're fighting. I think this is what I wanted all along.
Naruto puts effort into his swings, striking out with that boundless energy I would always see. I block his every movement, manually tracking him and reacting at the last moment to test myself. From this point on, it won't be easy. I will have greater tests, greater missions to take on. But these victories have given me some confidence. I've taken on the top of the class, and the very bottom. I've handled myself well with both ends of the spectrum, showing my skill in every situation. I think that will do.
Still.
The boy in front of me is fighting valiantly. His resilience and his courage...both impressive things. He refuses to give up. He is slow...perverted...and supremely stubborn. And he has come up like this alone and isolated. He pulled pranks to gain attention, even for a moment.
Such an energetic child...so why was he so ostracized? What could it be?
Questions for another time and place...hopefully soon.
"Sorry. We'll bring this to an end," I say gently.
"Wha-?"
I jab my kunai into the back of his hand, making him drop his own. He responds quickly and throws a punch with his free hand that hits me...right as I transform into a log. From behind him, I step into an elbow at full speed and hit him in the back, then speed up as he's reeling and kick him in the head from in front. He's stunned for a moment - he has incredible endurance, this boy - and I take the opportunity to make a clone.
As he gains his bearings, he throws a shuriken through my clone and into the air. I quietly sneak up from behind him and take him to the ground, straddling his chest, pinning his hands above his head, and pointing my kunai at his throat.
"That should be enough. It's my win...pervert."
"Tch..."
Iruka approaches and gives me a nod. I nod back and rise to my feet. Naruto follows a moment later, having regained his senses completely. He pouts and rubs the back of his head.
"Sheesh. Thought I had a good shot..."
Iruka grumbles and hits him in the back of the head lightly. "You didn't. At all. Lilith is at the top of the class. You can't even make clones properly."
"He was admirable today," I say sincerely. "Perhaps...if he were to focus on his studies, he would eventually make a fine shinobi one day, sensei." Echoing the same sentiments as Iruka wouldn't hurt, I think.
"Saying that much...well, that's a really nice compliment. Isn't it, Naruto? Naruto?"
"E-even if you say that..."
I blink. Is...is he blushing?
"Don't get the wrong idea!" Naruto yells, pointing at me. "I'm gonna beat you one day, Kobayashi, believe that!"
"Hm." I close my eyes. "Lili is fine."
He's quiet as I open my eyes again. I make the Seal of Reconciliation and extend my hand towards him. "I appreciate your effort, Naruto Uzumaki."
A small bit of kindness...
I watch as he grins at me, and wraps his fingers around my own. The seal complete.
And a moment of peace.
"Yours too, Kobacchi!"
I sigh. "Don't give me weird names. I said that Lili is fine."
"Ehh~!" He puts his hands behind his head. "Hey, make sure you show me how a girl is really supposed to be. One day soon, okay?"
Iruka hits him in the head again and he complains loudly.
I do notice something. There were some scrapes and bruises on Naruto that I know were present during the fight...they're all gone now. Aside from the dirty clothing, it doesn't look like he was in a fight just now. And he's bouncing around like usual, like he hasn't used a drop of energy.
I decide to keep this to myself for now. But yet another curious thing...hm.
Another strange comrade, then. Well. For once, I don't mind it at all.


Chapter 13
Scarlet Justice - ep. 13"Acceptance"
I head home in much higher spirits than before. Seems that fight and all of the interactions it provided really did me well.
I hop up the stairs to the apartment, opening the door to the feeling of cool, fresh air. Wonderful. As I close the door behind me, I can already smell my favourite. Warm, crispy curly fries with a hint of spice.
"Lili~!"
That voice...
I drop my bag and jump into my sister's arms, snuggling into her as she spins around and embraces me. I've missed her terribly. My mind flickers back to that moment in time where I thought I would never see her again, and it makes me want to never let go. I can feel her gently stroking my head.
"I've missed you, too. Luna told me about what happened..."
"It's fine now," I say. "I've overcome it, surely."
"That's so wonderful to hear." I feel her squeeze me a bit tighter. She really is warm, especially today...and I can smell another familiar scent mixed with her own. Why can I not place it...?
"Were you in the sun today?" I ask as she sets me down. Her kimono today is coloured red, with patterns of green leaves etched into the silk.
"Mm...I wasn't. But I have other means of keeping warm nowadays," she says with a sly smile.
"Ah. Is Luna out?"
"I am right here, Miss Lilith. Forgive my absence, I meant to meet you when you came in." Luna emerges from her room and shakes out her hair. I hug her and realize the source of the familiar, yet unfamiliar scent on Midori.
"Oh, I see. You two were doing something lewd earlier," I say with realization. Luna blushes.
"Just a bit, yes. You don't mind, do you?" Midori asks.
"Not at all. As long as I can sleep at nights, it's fine."
Luna sighs. "Miss Lilith...you really are..."
"What a cheeky child we have, hm?" Midori smiles and giggles behind her hand. "Well, it's been far too long and I've been far too busy lately. Come, my love. Tell me about your days at school while we eat."
We share a large plate of curly fries, and I talk about what has been happening so far.
"Uchiha...yes, the last survivor. His brother has a contract with one of the kingdoms that we keep in contact with. From what I know...well, that information is too heavy for you at the moment, my love. Uzumaki, though." Midori taps her fan on the table. "Could he be a distant descendant? I wonder. There's such a large gap between that time and Lady Mito, and I had no access to those records. I should look into that properly." She sighs and looks at me. "I wish I could have been by your side after that horrible experience, Lili. But to face death like that, and to overcome it...you truly are strong. You are much stronger than you might realize right now. We will have to talk more after you graduate and are assigned a team. And of course, I'll be here for your graduation."
I nod. "Good."
"I've actually been having tea with Emi in some of my fleeting spare time, just to keep an eye on regional movement. She isn't as boring as I first thought, far from it. I like her."
"The things she's said have become very relevant."
"Oh, I have no doubts about that. Emi is a guarded woman, but she has much experience in the ways of the world. Or rather, she is guarded because of that experience. Sometimes we tend to make judgements based on what we know of people. Those can and should be subject to change, Lili."
"Yes. I experienced that when I fought with Naruto."
"Exactly. We can't be perfect all of the time, but we can learn from our mistakes and do better for the next time. That is how we elevate ourselves, and how we grab hold of our destinies. There is no shame in being wrong, there is shame in remaining ignorant."
"I see. I will remember that, Midori-nee."
"Very good." Luna takes away the empty plate and replaces it with a glass of fortified milk. I drink it down as Midori muses over something else.
"I wonder...that woman is still around, after he abandoned her. I should be able to ask a favour of her..."
"..." I wonder what she means by that, but I also don't bother to question it. I file it away like the other secrets, knowing that when I am truly ready, everything will be explained. It only makes sense to wait.
The end of the semester approaches. Today's lesson is again related to shurikenjutsu, or the use of all kinds of shinobi tools in combat. I tinker a bit while the lessons are going on and think of non-combat applications. These might be useful on smaller missions.
Iruka tells me that I've been forging ahead at a nearly unprecedented pace. I am in reach of third place for the Academy's records. The person who was in second place is that man, Itachi Uchiha. I would have assumed that his name would be redacted from all records, but that's not the case. It's interesting to see. The person in first place is none other than the man who became the Fourth Hokage, Minato Namikaze. He does remind me of Naruto a bit when I look at the photos they have of him. It must be the hair...a coincidence, to be sure.
I would hope so, anyways. It's a bit silly to entertain other thoughts.
Landing in that kind of company would mean a lot to me. All I would have to do is get a perfect score on the final exam at this point...it's mathematically impossible for me to fail no matter what I do the rest of the term. My score might affect what team I end up on later, and of course the distance to my next promotion.
I really am getting into this shinobi thing, aren't I? Maybe I should keep going once this is over.
Iruka meets with me after the last class of the day. He sits on the big table at the front and I sit across from him on one of the desks.
"You know, I really am grateful for you."
"Me? You shouldn't say things like that all of a sudden, sensei," I say with a smile. "Someone might get the wrong idea. And playing with a young girl's heart like that..."
He laughs. "You really are a handful. But, seriously...Hinata has really grown because of the attention you gave her. And recently, Ino has become more focused. Still herself for the most part, but she's become more of a leader overall. Naruto...Naruto is..." He rubs the back of his neck, looking for the words. "He's alive, I guess. Which is good. And his grades have slowed their freefall..."
"That much seems to be an accomplishment."
"Yeah. Is everything okay with you?"
"It's fine. I saw my big sister the other day, which helped me immensely."
"Oh, that's good. It's...Midoriko, right? She has an important position as a noble, you said."
"Yes."
"Heh. It's good to have people in high places. You're thinking of working for her once you're done with school?"
"I'm not. I want to become a shinobi full time, sensei."
"Really? Hm. I'm not upset or anything. I just thought that this might have been a short thing for you, you know?"
"It was the intent at first. But once my mother sees my growth and accomplishments, I suspect she'll support me taking on this sort of thing full time."
Iruka nods. "Well, I sort of hope she does. There's a lot that goes on in the shinobi world, some tough things that you have to deal with over and over again. It's not exactly easy. But if you do want to continue...I would feel a lot safer knowing that you're around, Lilith."
"There you go again, sensei. Talking too much for your own good."
Iruka folds his arms. "Come on. I'll be an old man soon, I can hope for that much, can't I?"
"I suppose so. Be at peace, then. I'll protect you and your dreams, sensei."
"Now who's talking too much?"
I stick my tongue out at him before laughing.
I think about how I want to spend the remaining days of school, and decide that I will work hard for the time being. It will mean a little less time to rest, but seeing the proud faces of all those who have been supporting me...yes, it will be more than worth the effort.
Iruka responds to my need swiftly and provides the appropriate supplemental material. I stay after school more often and practice using my weapons. Throwing, wielding, retrieving, defending. I work on flower arranging and find myself near the top of the class on that end. And of course, I hone my skills in the sorts of arts important to kunoichi everywhere: social persuasion and charm offensives. Naturally, I like to use girls for practice. Much more fun, especially when they start losing their composure. We do talk about and look over seduction campaigns. From the outside, they seem like too much for young girls. In reality, there are...quite a few immediately useful elements, even at this age. Sometimes because of our age.
It felt gross to think about at first, but I adjusted more as I understood. This is one of the things that never gets discussed with boys, and while Iruka most definitely knows the contents, he doesn't breach them with me. Thankfully in the modern era these practices are restricted to women of age on official missions. But knowing how to navigate situations where we might be targeted sexually by clients, enemies, or most distressingly people we know is supremely important. One of the things we drill over and over is the synthesis of quick antidotes, and we are able to carry the components on us at all times.
Matters of life and death. Not just on the battlefield.
Written tests are easy enough. I dabble in some of the advanced work and don't find it terribly hard to navigate. Higher education will be nice to have in my pocket later. I can identify genjutsu faster and break out of them with greater ease. Something that naturally came to mind as a focus because of what Sasuke did. Perhaps there are only the three known Sharingan users in the world, but what can stifle them will work wonders against every other kind of illusion user. So there's no reason to neglect this part of my repertoire.
I'm slowly getting better. And I know that after my graduation, I will improve even more. I look forward to all of it.
"Hi, Lili."
I look over the top of my book to see Ino standing near my desk. It's free study in the big hall today.
"Hello, Ino. What can I do for you today?"
"Well..." She rocks back and forth on her feet. "I wanted to ask something of you. If that's okay."
I set my book in my lap and give her my attention. "Ask away."
"Thanks. I'm having trouble with some of the problems involving kunai trajectory. Or, weapon trajectory in general. I'm way better at throwing them then calculating."
"Not uncommon for clan children."
"See, you get it!" she says with a smile. "So, um. I was wondering if we could study together? If you have time, I mean. I don't want to impose."
I nod. "Of course. We can start after school, for as long as you need. However, I would like an offering from you in return."
"An offering...?" She tilts her head and thinks for a moment before it comes to her. "Ah, okay! Is strawberry alright?"
"Yes."
"Hehe. Perfect, I'll be sure to have it with me later. The library after school, then. See you, Lili."
She leaves, and I quietly go back to my reading.
The promised time arrives, and I walk down the hall with Hinata towards the library. Ino meets us halfway and presents me with a bottle of strawberry milk. I open it and have a sip.
"Acceptable," I say with a nod.
"Great. Alright, we...oh. Right, I should say something."
"Hm?"
"Hinata, hello first of all. It's good to see you."
Hinata nods. "Y-you as well, Ino."
"Thanks. Listen...I know that I haven't said anything to your face, but I know that people have been bullying you for a while, and they've said some terrible things. Even if it wasn't directly my fault, I've looked down on you, too."
"Ino...l-listen..."
"Hinata, I'm sorry. I need to finish this. Would you let me?"
"Yes...of course, Ino. P-please continue."
"Thank you." She puts a hand over her heart. "I know what it means to see someone hurt, and to lift another person up. I also know what it means to be selfish, and guarded in my actions. I don't claim to be a good person, but I know that I've done my best at times for others."
"..." So that explains it. I was wondering where Sakura's sort of attitude came from, and why it was a bit shaky. Ino was encouraging her for some time, at least before they started bickering over Sasuke.
"Even so, that doesn't excuse what the other kids have done to you. I'm sorry, Hinata. I know that I need to do better, but...can you find it in your heart to forgive me?"
"..." Hinata looks to me, and I shake my head. It has to be her decision. She seems to understand and nods. "I forgive you, Ino."
"Thank you."
"I...know that you're not a bad person. I always knew that. But I appreciate that you...did this for me. Thank you..."
"Yes. I understand, Hinata...thank you again for that."
"I...want something also. For myself," Hinata says nervously.
"Yeah, for sure. Whatever you want, Hinata. Name it," Ino replies.
"I want to learn more about flowers. About the patterns...and all that they could mean to someone."
"Only that much?"
Hinata nods.
"A-are you sure? I mean, I can do a lot more if you want. You've been hurt a lot, you know?"
"It's fine...that's all I want from you, Ino."
"I...I see. Then if that's all...I can do that for you. Easily. Say the word and I'm there, I promise."
"Thank you. Lili...I'll see you later?"
"Yes, you will. Take care, Hinata." We share a hug before she bows for Ino, then leaves.
"Shall we go, Ino?"
"Ah...oh, yeah." Ino snaps out of her daze as she watches Hinata leave. "I'm starting to understand a few things."
"Really. Like what?"
"Your real strength, for instance."
"I wouldn't know what you're talking about."
"Yeah, of course you wouldn't." She gives me a side-eye look before sighing. "Anyways, senpai. I'm in your care."
I sip at my milk. "Sucking up is always a good opening move."
"Ugh."
The time towards our final set of classes winds on. Hinata and I end up studying with Ino in the library a few times a week. I get my offering of milk, and Hinata gets extra lessons on flowers from Ino. Sometimes I slip out while Ino is teaching, not wanting to interrupt.
Midori appears from time to time for Luna's sake. They of course make sure to satisfy each other during the day while I'm out, which is very considerate of them. Luna is still able to keep up with her work, which is also nice.
So it goes, until the time arrives. Graduation day.
I think I'm more than ready.


Chapter 14
Scarlet Justice - ep. 14"Graduation"
"It's time, Miss Lilith. Are you ready?"
"Yes. I truly am, Luna." Luna takes special care of my hair this morning. She hums to herself as she works.
Today is the day. Nearly a year in the making.
Graduation day.
"Mistress Emi will be here soon. From our talks over the phone, she is eager to see your growth. Your father..."
"..."
She goes quiet, steadily working at the same speed with her hands running through my hair. I can tell that she's very annoyed at the least.
"He won't be able to make it. He has business to attend to."
"...yes. Of course." I feel slightly numb hearing that. But it's nothing unusual...he never was around when I needed him.
"Lady Midoriko will be here as promised. I think...this arrangement is much better."
A warm stream of water soaks my head, and Luna decides that she's finished. We trade places and I wash her back.
"Miss Lilith?"
"Yes, Luna."
"I love washing your hair. There are a lot of reasons, but...I think it's beautiful to look at. How it seems to brighten in the light, and even stands out when it's a bit dirty. Ever since I was assigned to you back at the mansion, I wanted to make sure your hair was cared for."
"I see."
"It's beautiful like you are, and I didn't want to see it neglected. If it were anyone else...I don't think they would have done the same. I realize the stigma behind it. I realize the pain that it has caused you. You must have wished at some point that you wanted a different colour."
"More than once," I admit as I move my hands across her back.
"And now?"
"I'm proud of it. And happy that my hair is so healthy. And I have you to thank, Luna. Thank you for loving me and my hair."
"You're welcome, Miss Lilith."
"Though...you shouldn't mention it to anyone else. It would come off a bit weird."
"Ah, yes. It might."
"Mm-hm." I gently pour water over her back. "Not many people understand fetishes like that. I'm sure Midori-nee doesn't mind, though."
I smile as she makes a distressed noise.
"So, what does her hair smell li-"
"You are the worst! Miss Lilith, please!"
To the Academy, as always. Through the front. The cafeteria to get my daily order of milk and milk products. One last review of tricky subjects while I drink, and then I get ready to leave.
Once more into this small world.
My final day of class begins.
I enter the large hall and take my seat. Iruka waves to me and I wave back. As soon as everyone has settled and the appointed time arrives, he claps his hands loudly.
"Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our last day of class, and your final exams. We'll start with the written test. You have two hours, and when your time is up, we'll call you to administer the practical examinations. Everything will be graded before you leave this room. Thank you for all of your hard work so far, and good luck to all of you."
A few minutes later, the test begins. The written examination is incredibly easy. Since I've placed at or near the top of my other courses, it all comes down to this for my final score. I have a feeling about what the instructors are going to ask of me.
Sakura finishes ahead of me and transforms into Iruka, like the suck-up she is and always will be. She gets her promised item and leaves happily.
I'm up next.
"Alright." Iruka places a hand under his chin, smiling as he thinks. "Lilith, I want you to combine the properties of the clone technique and the transformation technique. Become any three objects that you choose," he instructs.
"Hmph." I match his smile and weave handseals. A challenge, then...let's go for it.
It's easy. I make the clones and at the same time have them transformed into familiar forms.
All of the instructors are impressed, and Iruka folds his arms, looking at me with pride.
I've given them the most patriotic display: images of the First, Second, and Third Hokage.
After I dispel the technique, I approach the desk and Iruka shakes my hand. "Congratulations, Lilith. Perfect score, written test and all."
"Thank you, sensei."
"It's been a very long time since that's happened around here. And from someone who was once a foreigner to us." He reaches back and picks up something from the desk. Yes, the item that everyone was so eager to obtain.
A metal plate on a band of cloth, with a leaf etched into it. The symbol of the village. This is my forehead protector, proof of my ascension to the ranks of shinobi. As it sits in my hands, I feel accomplished. I have come so far in such a short time.
But this isn't it. I'm still not satisfied. I'm going to reach even further.
"Thank you for taking care of me, Iruka-sensei," I say with sincerity. "I'm grateful for you and your kindness." For the first time, I feel his hand come down on my head, rubbing it gently.
"The honour is all mine, Lilith. You've been a wonderful student, and a blessing to me. Good luck, though you don't need much of that, it seems. Have faith in your ability. And remember, no matter what happens...I will be right here for you."
"Iruka-sensei...thank you."
"I know your family's waiting, and unfortunately I have some more tests to do. Take care."
"Take care, sensei." I give him a salute before leaving the room, and then the academy altogether. The other children who passed are meeting with their parents, proudly showing off their headbands and celebrating.
I think about how I want to wear mine. The intended use is on my head, but...I think I could try something else. But I see someone familiar nearby, and go to meet them.
My stepmother, Emi. She stands out as usual in one of her thin silk dresses, drawing attention and thirsty looks. Some of the wives are clearly annoyed. She carries a parasol to keep the sun away, and to protect her silky black hair. I walk up to her and present my headband as proof of my accomplishments.
"Oh, so you've done it. Good work," she says. Her words seem to lack enthusiasm, but they're sincere. I can rest soundly with that much. Oh, but...maybe.
"I've graduated, and beyond that...I have placed within the top three students of all time," I tell her.
"Oho..." Yes, there it is. The haughty smile that I longed to see. "So my daughter is a genius as well. Even better. We can add this prestige to the Kobayashi name. And it will provide a good foundation for your sibling, if they should come here as well."
I blink. "Sibling. You're pregnant."
"Yes, yes...shocking, I know. Especially after those half-hearted displays of his." She sighs and rolls her eyes. "At this point, I really will have to cheat with someone outside. Or satisfy myself with the help, whichever ends up being more convenient. After I have my child, of course."
"Would you really?" I ask.
"When it comes to carnal desires, I'm not terribly picky," she says casually.
"..." I really am surrounded by perverts. At this rate, it's only a matter of time before I transform into one myself.
"Hey, Lili~!"
Midori and Luna arrive a moment later. I show them my headband proudly, and they're visibly excited.
"Congratulations! You've done well, just as I thought you would!" Midori says as she gives me a hug. "She certainly is your daughter, Emi."
She preens at that. "Of course. She's a genius through and through."
"Congratulations, Miss Lilith. I'm honoured that I could be by your side this entire time. You are going to be a fine kunoichi, I know it," Luna says.
"Thank you for being nearby, Luna. You've done more than you know." I hug her tightly.
Midori flips open one of her fans. "I will make the extra arrangements as promised. Is that alright, Emi?"
"Perfectly fine. I can see that our Lilith wants to continue," Emi says as she looks at me. I nod and she nods back. "This has progressed beyond a mere experiment. I will inform the master of the house of our decision. Though I must admit...I didn't think a woman with so much sex appeal would be so good at fighting. But it's a very pleasant surprise. Please, continue taking care of my daughter and Luna. I would be out of my depth here."
"That is a strength too, Mistress. Knowing when and where to delegate is important," Luna points out. "And you do have a fine grasp on human character..."
"You shouldn't flatter me too much, Luna." Of course, there's a smile on her face as she says that.
I suddenly notice something out of the corner of my eye. Naruto is moving away from the building, trudging more like. He is slowly going somewhere, his head down as he walks. I wonder where his parents are.
I know that Sasuke is definitely an orphan. Hinata would have been picked up by her family's servants, which I've caught glimpses of once or twice. Ino, Shikamaru, and Choji all have fathers who are high ranking officers, and they've met up already.
But Naruto...he has some sort of mysterious ability, and is actively shunned for some reason that I haven't figured out. It's strange.
Midori picks up on my gaze and silently questions me. He is a strange child, but...I have already made my decision.
"I'll be back in a moment."
"Take your time," Midori says with a smile. I nod back before heading towards Naruto. As he notices me, he puts on what is obviously a fake smile. I think I know what happened.
"Hey!"
"Hi," I reply. "What happened with your exam?"
"Oh, uh...I kinda flunked it." He shrugs. "No big deal, yeah? I'll just try again next time."
"Next time..." He's said it almost too casually. "How many times?"
"Huh?"
"You heard me," I say firmly, hands on my hips. "How many times does this make?"
"Ah, geez. You're worse than Iruka-sensei, you know?" He puts his hands behind his head. "This makes...the third time."
"You idiot." I sigh. "What do your parents think?"
His expression turns solemn. "Never met them. The old man and Iruka-sensei, they're the only ones who really look after me. And they never have enough time. I get bored, and you know...gotta occupy myself. That's where the pranks come from."
"..." I'm...starting to see.
"I really wanna be a ninja, you know?" His face brightens. "Like the Fourth! He saved the village all that time ago from the demon fox."
"Right. The Nine-Tails," I say.
"Yep! And he got the top score in Academy history. You were pretty close, I heard." He pouts. "I'm not trying to be on that level...school's not my thing. But...my dream's to become Hokage one day. I'll get there, just...slowly. And then I'll stick it to everyone in the village! They'll have to respect me then!"
"You haven't even passed your exams yet. I bet your written score was awful."
"Yep, yep. I kinda just wing it and bet the farm on the practical..."
I shake my head. This guy really is an idiot...still. His honesty is refreshing. He has a goal...of sorts. But he's capable of identifying his own flaws, given time and space. He can carry on a normal conversation like everyone else. Seeing this side of him is refreshing. It reminds me of the time I spend with Hinata, where she's more confident and can better verbalize her ideas. I really enjoy this feeling.
"I don't really like it," Naruto says as he kicks at a stone. "I mean...I feel like I'm always letting Iruka-sensei down. He cares a whole lot, and I'm not trying to take advantage of him or anything, just...I dunno."
"My father has only ever cared about work. And...my mother died a while ago."
"O-oh. I'm...really sorry to hear that, Lili."
"It's alright. I've built a new family. Naruto...you're not alone. You...have me, I suppose. And people like Hinata."
"Hinata?" He furrows his brow in thought. Right. Idiot. Didn't realize he was being crushed on.
Hinata is a remarkable girl, to be sure.
"Forget it. You'll remember what she looks like the next time you see her." An idea comes to mind, and I decide to act on it quickly. He deserves something, even if he didn't succeed today. "Here. Come with me."
"Wha? We're going to meet her?"
"No. My family is going to have dinner to celebrate my graduation. What do you like to eat?" I ask.
"Ramen!"
"...ramen."
"Yup! I have it every day, almost!"
"Hm." A strange diet like that might explain some things. In any case, I take him by the arm and towards our little cabal. "Here."
"Ooh! Are these all your sisters?" he asks.
"Who's this? A friend of yours?" Emi asks curiously. "Have you captured a man already?"
"No. I'm not into blockheads," I say flatly.
"Too bad. Blue eyes are an attractive feature, even if he does look like a ragamuffin."
"This is Naruto Uzumaki," I explain. "He's a three-time failure with this year's pitiful performance at the exams. He's also a pervert with an interest in cross-dressing, so I thought that being in the presence of beautiful women would lift his spirits."
"Aw, come on!"
"So this is the Naruto you've been speaking of," Luna says. She looks him over curiously. "Certainly interesting. What of his parents, will they be okay with the excursion?"
"He's an orphan."
Midori looks at him for a moment before realization comes over her. It seems she's figured something out, but I will wait for her to reveal it if necessary. "I see. Naruto Uzumaki...it's certainly a pleasure meeting you."
"S-same here," he says while blushing. It's obvious where his gaze is falling, but Midori doesn't mind.
"He really likes ramen," I say. "Stepmother, may we make a change to our plans?"
"If you so choose. This is your day, Lilith."
"Thank you. Naruto, when you're finished your ogling, show us to your preferred establishment," I instruct.
"I'm not-eh? Es...tablishment?"
"The place where you like to eat," Midori explains.
"Oh, that makes sense! Okay, follow me! I know a great spot!"
This place is called Ichiraku Ramen. It's a modestly sized stand. Three well-dressed adult women stand out here.
The prices are relatively cheap, so it's fine to go at a good pace...or even the ridiculous pace that Naruto sets, which the shop owner doesn't even blink at. He cleans out bowls at a steady clip. Well, it's fine. The family's pockets are more than deep enough.
But this ramen really is exquisite. I will have to visit more often. The old man who owns and runs this place knows Naruto by name. His name is Teuchi, and his cute daughter Ayame helps him run the business.
"Goodness, I can't believe I missed this place in my visits," Midori says happily. "I have to make sure to go off the beaten paths more often."
Emi says nothing and eats silently. She seems to be enjoying herself as well. Her gratitude is shown by cleaning out two bowls of pork ramen, and leaving a very generous tip. Midori does the same after four bowls, and Luna thanks the owner on our behalf.
"Oh, so you're a genin now?" Teuchi asks me.
"Yes. I'll stop by again soon, with my own money."
"Haha! Looking forward to it. Not every day you get to serve a genius kunoichi! Oi, Naruto. You should follow her example."
"Yeah, yeah..."
"He's a good kid at heart, but full of mischief and way too dim," Teuchi says as he cooks. "If he's going to become Hokage, I doubt it'll be in my lifetime."
"Go ahead and pile it on, why don't you!"
"I'm not telling any lies," Teuchi counters. "You gotta get your act together, kid. Maybe not today, but someday soon. Sometimes dreams don't wait forever, you know."
"..."
Teuchi is right. Naruto seems to get annoyed with the criticism, but even he knows it's true...Teuchi and Ayame seem to be part of the few people that bother to interact with Naruto at all. From what I've seen and heard, there's some sort of secret going around about Naruto that makes the adults hate him and the children keep their distance, when they're not bullying him.
It almost certainly has something to do with the mysterious power that I saw. Perhaps they think that he's some sort of demon or evil spirit? Hm. I would ask, but apparently it's not a subject to be breached by any means.
We finish at Ichiraku's and leave after a round of goodbyes - Teuchi insisted the tips were too much; Emi and Midori would hear none of it, with Luna mediating. Ayame handled the money and everyone parted amicably.
I walk side by side with Naruto, ahead of my stepmother, Midori, and Luna. They're having a lively conversation, and the parts of it I catch suggest that it's something very lewd. Best to keep away for now.
"So...your family isn't blood-related, then."
I turn my head to Naruto as he speaks. "Yes, that's right. We're not."
"But it's funny, you know? Your big sis Midori really loves you, and your stepmom Emi is super proud of you and looks really smug and stuff, and even Luna's way more like another big sister than a maid."
"Family is far more than blood," I say to him.
"Yeah, you're right. Maybe one day..."
"You'll have to work hard to open people's hearts." I say that with him having gotten to me in the space of thirty minutes, but I feel as if I'm more open to change than most.
"..." He looks to the sky in thought. It's evening by now, and the clouds roam the skies above the Leaf. "Hey, Lili?"
"Yes?"
"Thanks. I...really had fun today."
I stop and give him a hug.
"Lili?"
"It's fine. Just...stay out of trouble from now on. Work hard on your studies." I have a feeling most of these words will fall on deaf ears, but it's worth a shot.
He ends up giving me one of his silly grins. "Yeah, definitely. Hey, once I start going on missions and stuff...we can go on a date or something, yeah?"
"Hm. Probably not. It wouldn't work out."
He blinks. "Eh?"
"I'll explain it one day. I promise."
"Alright, alright. Uh, anyways...I'll see you around, then. Thanks again." Naruto heads for home as everyone else catches up to me.
"You two would make a cute couple, I think," Emi says.
I see Luna and Midori give each other a knowing look.
"Mistress Emi," Luna says carefully, "I don't...think it would work out the way you would like, unfortunately."
"Hm." Emi shrugs lightly. "Maybe so. Shame, that."
I make myself promise to tell her the truth. One day soon.


Chapter 15
Scarlet Justice - ep. 15"Formation!"

After some examination, I decide that I do want to change my forehead protector a bit. It's apparently okay to do so as long as the metal itself isn't modified in any significant way, or the Leaf symbol in the middle is intentionally altered, which would bring 'significant consequences' if discovered. The vague wording of that threat is warning enough, I think.

I enlist Luna's help, and her ability as a seamstress is elite as expected. The cloth is made sturdier, and I choose a new colour: a crisp green that is the colour of my sisterhood. It only makes sense that I carry Midori with me here as well. The new form will be an armband, one that goes onto my upper right arm for now. I think it looks cool and stylish. Luna and Midori watch me try it on, and they both approve of the new look.

A new outfit is in the cards as well, naturally. But I will decide on that after the next big event. Luna reminds me that I need to pick something with sleeves, both to conceal the seal on my left arm and to mask my movements when I summon snakes or throw weapons. She really has been paying attention to everything.

I keep saying that I want to be independent, but...Luna really is wonderful. I don't know if I can let go of her.

Emi could only stay a day or two. She has business to take care of at home, so I wish her well and advise her not to do any rash things for the sake of her child. Naturally, she is indignant and reminds me that she's perfectly capable of being responsible and sexually active and...all sorts of things someone twelve years old shouldn't be aware of. Unfortunately, I was before she said anything. It doesn't make it less gross to hear it again.

Midori thankfully is going the same way and decides to keep her company.

They both promise to visit soon; Emi to explore the Leaf's novelty, and Midori to check up on me, after tending to Luna's carnal desires first.

"Don't let that cute face fool you, eh? She's got quite the appetite~"

"Lady Midoriko, those are not things we should be-"

"It's fine. The child is clearly already aware of these things," Emi says casually. Well yes, stepmother. Your choice of clothing certainly makes me aware of a lot. "Though it's good you're getting some exercise, Luna. I was almost under the impression you were frigid."

"Ufufu...hard to believe something like that," Midori says with a smile.

Luna gulps and makes a squeaking noise.

"I think we should leave her be for now. It's not nice to bully, you know," I say. Not unless it's me, I mean.

"Oh, hush. Luna knows we mean well. Good luck to both of you on your journey into mystery and bodily harm, etcetra, etcetra," Emi says.

"You're not worried about anything happening to me."

"I don't think about such things. They bring down malicious energy." Emi places her parasol on her shoulder and saunters off. "If I pray for your safety and let your genius do the rest, there is nothing to fear, Lilith Kobayashi."

"..."

She's right. I have a lot to live for now, and the strength to make it through. She believes in all of that, and in the person I've become. A warrior princess, as she foresaw. A proud woman of the Kobayashi house.

I bow towards her back.

"Until the next, Emi Kobayashi."

Midori hugs me and gives me a smile. I smile back as she rubs my head gently. Luna gets a kiss for her troubles, and then we watch as she hurries to catch up to my stepmother. It sort of feels like the end of an era...even if Midori will be back soon enough to have her way with Luna, I suppose. But watching two important people move into the distance, with the symbol of this village now on my shoulder...

Again, I think about how much has changed since that day. Where Emi sent me on a journey, and Midori helped me find my way. Providence, perhaps? I wonder. But everything from here on will depend on my own strength. And the three people closest to me all believe in me.

I won't let them down. No. Failure was never an option.

A week smoothly passes, and the next phase of shinobi life begins. Instructions had already been given, but a letter comes through the mail to remind all of us of the big event.

We are to return to the Academy for a final gathering, with an important purpose: determining which team we end up on.

"Sleep."

"Miss Lilith..."

"Sleep," I say firmly. I shove Luna back into her room and pull the sheets over her. "I will be fine. Take the day off. Is Midori coming?"

"Mm-mm..."

"Then you'll be able to rest for once."

"Mm...awful..."

I smile and kiss her on the forehead. She goes back to sleep and I close the door gently behind me. Today will be a simple breakfast for growing girls. Sticky rice and salmon. A glass of the fortified milk. No equipment to gather for today's session, and my usual outfit taken for one last spin before I retire it.

"..."

Luna did say something incredible the other day. Her social gatherings with the dance and painting groups produce all kinds of juicy gossip, from many corners of the Leaf. But it's something I will have to verify with my own eyes and ears today, and I will get the opportunity without a doubt.

I leave for my destination, early as always. I'm hoping that a certain someone will be there to answer my questions about the entire process.

"Lili, hey!"

"Ino. I was hoping to see you."

She smiles as I enter the big lecture hall and find my way to her.

"Yeah? I'm flattered, obviously, but what for?"

"I had questions about the team selection process. From what I know, they're balanced based on overall scores. Top scorers usually get paired with bottom scorers, and then someone in the middle to complete the set of three," I say as I sit on the side of her desk. "So that would mean that I'm destined to be paired with the lowest scoring person, isn't that right?"

"That's how it works on paper," Ino says casually. "Oh, old habits hit me today. In the mood for a treat?"

"Always," I say. Ino hands me a bottle of strawberry milk, and I sip from it. "Refreshing."

"Best stuff in the country by a mile. Dad was kind of curious at first since I never drank that much milk, but I told him I was helping out a friend at school and he let it go."

"I appreciate this. Tell me later where you order it from."

"Got it. So, yeah. High scorers and low scorers with someone in the middle is how it works in theory, one of those bubble worlds."

"It's different in reality."

"Oh, yeah. Believe me, the teachers wish they could just sort everything like that. Not that easy," Ino says as she crosses her legs. "I already know where I'm going."

"Really? Where?"

"Shikamaru and Choji. The numbers add up, right? But that's not the real reason. It was decided the moment we entered the Academy together. You see, we're part of a Leaf tradition. It's called the Ino-Shika-Cho formation, brought together maybe fifteen or so generations ago. Our families have worked together for all of that time. We trade secrets, learn about each other, train together, and learn techniques together. Our abilities complement each other so well that it only makes sense to put us into a team together if possible. So the aim was always to have us graduate together and then form a genin team as soon as possible."

"And if something else happened?"

"We'd be put into a specific team structure until we could form up together in some other way. It's never come to that, but there's always been a plan in place for the possibilty. So you have things like that happening. Students that get pushed together for synergy reasons. The system you heard about? That's for the normies, the kids who don't have clan abilities and techniques. Clan kids change the calculus a bit. So you have the teachers looking at not only scores, but abilities and junk to see where their kids work out best. Then you have more layers on top of that. Clan politics."

"Ah. You would want to have your children taken care of as a member of an important clan."

Ino nods. "Yep. Clan heads provide what they call 'helpful input' towards the selection process. And then there's something on top of that. The guy with the big hat himself."

"The Hokage," I say.

"Has his spoon in the pot from day one," Ino says, making a stirring motion. "All the graduate lists go right to him as soon as the day is over. He pores over them, looks at the instructor notes, and then makes 'suggestions' for them to follow," Ino says while making air quotes. "So add his weight to the pile."

"I didn't think he would be so hands on."

"Well, it only makes sense. He's called the Professor because he knows literally every technique in the Leaf. So he would understand how to best balance genin teams for the greatest success. Very hands on and not like the other Kage, from what I know anyways. You've seen him around, yeah?"

"I have, in passing. I simply thought he was doing inspections."

"A little of both. The old man really cares and makes time for children whenever he can. He even babysits! Crazy, huh? One of the most powerful men in the free world, feeding babies and rocking them to sleep over his paperwork." Ino smiles. "But that's really cool! Some people complain about a projection of weakness, but...bah. It's sweet. It's good to know that the God of Shinobi actually cares about us peasants."

"Interesting..." I find myself enamoured by the Hokage already, and we have yet to formally meet. I wonder what he thinks of me, an outsider who swept away the competition so thoroughly. Hopefully I will get to see soon.

"As for you...no idea," Ino says.

"No idea?"

"You're super talented, but also a mystery. Putting you on a team with someone who scored low would definitely drag you down. But pairing you with someone at the top would probably result in a clash of egos. You and Sasuke, for example? Blegh. And that's from my end, I can't imagine you'd be able to handle it."

"You're quite warm."

"Ha. But yeah, there's really no telling where you might land. I have my theories, but...let's keep those a surprise for now," she says with a wink. "No need to spoil all the fun. This is the beginning of a new adventure."

"Right. Thank you for all of that, Ino."

"Hey, it's no trouble. Information is what I do, and you can tap me any time you like. See you in a while, then?"

The class is starting to fill up, and I nod. "Yes, in a while. Good luck, Ino."

"I'll need it for sure with those boys...oy."

I pat her head gently before finding my own seat. Oh, Hinata's here. Perfect. I touch her shoulder and she gives me a smile.

"Good morning, Lili. It's good to see you..."

"You as well, Hinata. Good morning to you."

"I'm...definitely nervous."

I sit beside her and rub her shoulder. "I know. This will be a hectic time. Remember that you've come this far already, okay? You can do this."

"Yes...thank you."

I scan the classroom and see what I expected. Luna wasn't wrong, was she?

Iruka walks to the front of the room and looks ready to speak.

"Hey! Hey, sorry! I'm not late, am I?"

"You just barely made it. Now go and find yourself a seat already," Iruka says, shaking his head.

Well. Seems those rumours were true after all.

Somehow...some way...Naruto Uzumaki has become a genin.

"Hey, Lili! I did it! I'm a ninja now!" he calls from across the room. He adjusts his forehead protector and flashes a goofy grin.

I nod to acknowledge him and he seems satisfied with that. Iruka hits him in the back of the head and herds him into an open seat. Hinata is blushing, and seems relieved at the news. The class is murmuring in disbelief.

"I suppose love really is unstoppable," I say to her.

"Lili...you know that you're awful sometimes..." She presses her fingers together.

"Yes, I know." I lean back in my seat and cross my legs.

Iruka gains control of the room again before finally starting. "Alright, everyone! Good to have you all here today. This is the day you've been looking forward to since starting at the Academy. We've gone over every aspect of your performances and scores rigorously to make sure that we get this right. These teams are the beginning of life as a shinobi. They'll be bonds that shape the rest of your lives as shinobi and beyond that. Your life-and-death partners on missions, the people who you will have to trust more than yourself at times. More than your friends, or even your family. All of this is serious business, and we instructors as well as the Hokage himself take this very seriously. More than anything, we want you to have long, productive lives."

"Is it really that serious?" I hear someone ask from behind me. It seems to be so. Shaping your very life, then. It's a heavy weight...

"I'll announce the members of each team and the instructor that you're to report to each morning, at the times they so choose. I will also give you the listed location for your first meeting. After that, you are their responsbility, and they are your field commanders. Follow their orders, unless there is something that makes you feel uncomfortable to the point where it affects your health or performance. In that case, you will report the incident to the Jounin Commander, or directly to the Hokage himself. And if you see me, don't hesitate to ask questions. I am also your advocate." Iruka reaches behind himself to pick up a clipboard, and I see him wince a moment. A back problem?

I wonder what happened?

"Now, let's get started. Stay in your seats until your names are called and your instructors are announced. After that, I want you to collect the information I have for you up front, and then you can head home. Alright? We'll start with...Team Seven." He looks at the sheet and makes an expression that I can't parse.

"Sasuke Uchiha. Sakura Haruno."

Sakura barely stifles her excitement. Guess the dork got her ultimate victory in the end. Ino doesn't seem to mind as much as I thought she would.

"And...Naruto Uzumaki."

"Hell yeah!" Naruto's cheer rings through the air. Right, Sakura was his big target all along. She looks absolutely moronic as she stares, mouth agape. Sasuke is not much better. The class is stunned.

I am as well, but I'm far more amused than anything else. Absolutely amazing. This has to be the Hokage's doing, and I love to see it.

"You'll be reporting to Kakashi Hatake. 10 am, tomorrow. I really suggest you get there early."

From what I know, this guy has quite the reputation as an instructor. He has no students...because he failed every team sent to him. But everything for a reason, I suppose. Clearly the Hokage knows something we don't.

"And now, we'll announce Team Eight," Iruka says. "The first person listed here is...Shino Aburame."

I turn my head towards the boy in his full jacket, sitting quietly on the far side of the classroom. His dark glasses always cover his eyes. From what I remember, he was never part of the bullying. Or much of anything, really. Decidedly low-energy and middling in a lot of areas. Interesting child, though. I wonder who will be with him, as a member of the Leaf's bug using clan.

"Next is Hinata Hyuuga."

Hinata nods in acknowledgement. "Shino is a nice person. I...I think we can get along."

"That's a good way to look at it," I say. From a tracking and scouting perspective, it also makes sense. Hinata's eyes and Shino's insects. Powerful reconnaissance tools on their own, and they could be better together.

"Um...Lili, I...I..."

"Hinata...?" She's nervously looking at me, almost as if she's about to cry.

Oh.

This is where we'll be split apart, isn't it? I cared for her. I gave her a small bit of light while she was in the Academy, and now I'll be taken away from her. I feel my heart sink. Even if I tell her that she's strong enough, that she's capable enough...I have been her only real friend.

I take her hand in mine. I want to reassure her that everything will be okay, that she can make it through without me.

"And the last person is...uh...huh. Really, now." I turn my head as I hear Iruka chuckle. What's so funny? He looks right at me.

There is no way. He wouldn't. He didn't.

"The last member of Team Eight..."

Iruka.

"...our top scoring graduate..."

You madman.

"Lilith Kobayashi."

"Lili...Lili, we're...on the same team. We're together...we're really together..."

Hinata finally does burst into tears, but she's happy.

"So we are," I say as I wipe her face gently. "So we are."

She squeezes my hand and smiles brightly. I squeeze back and return her smile.

"Are you looking forward to it?" I ask.

"Yes. More than anything."

"Your instructor will be Kurenai Yuuhi. The meeting time is 9 am, in front of the Dangoya. Not hard to spot, but you'll have your information cards just in case. Come on down, you three."

Shino joins us as we move to the front. "I've been there before," he says as he pushes up his glasses.

"M-me too...um, I can meet with you at your place to show you, Lili..."

"That would be splendid. 8:30, then?"

"Yes."

Iruka hands us our information cards. I smile and raise a brow at him, to which he cheekily winks back at me.

"Take care of them, Lilith."

"With my life, sensei."

With that, we part ways once more.

"Alright...next is Team Nine," I hear Iruka say as I leave. "The first name here is...Kiba Inuzuka."


Chapter 16
Scarlet Justice - ep. 16"Assembly"

"Lili! Lili, I gotta talk to you!"

I remember that Naruto left ahead of me, so I'm not terribly shocked at hearing his voice. But what he's said...why does he want to speak to me so urgently? Perhaps he wants to talk about his surprise promotion...

"Hinata, I'll see you later."

"Y-yes. B-bye, Naruto..."

"Oh! See you, Hinata! Congratulations, you got the best partner ever!"

"T-thank you...um..." She blushes and runs off. What a girl.

"So, uh. Let's go somewhere out of the way. It's...it's important."

"Alright." We head to the playground nearby, where there's nobody else at the moment. Naruto takes a seat on one of the swings, and I sit beside him. He's very quiet for a while.

I start to worry a bit. Is he okay?

"Iruka-sensei...you noticed, right? How he was moving today."

"He hurt his back. Do you know how it happened?"

"It was my fault."

"...a prank?"

He shakes his head.

"Then...what was it?"

"He saved my life."

"..."

"I know that he really likes you. And I like him too. And I like you too. You know? So...I just wanted to tell you about what really happened and stuff. There's a guy. Or was a guy...another teacher named Mizuki."

"I've heard of him."

"Yeah. Iruka-sensei and him used to hang out. Turns out it was all fake. He never liked Iruka-sensei at all and was just sucking up to impress the Hokage. Real scumbag. What happened was...he found me that night, after you and your family took me out to eat. He told me about a secret scroll, one that the Hokage kept around with all sorts of techniques and stuff. If I could learn something out of that, he said that I'd defintely be able to graduate. He tried to stick up for me after Iruka-sensei failed me, earlier in the day. So, I...well, I got the Hokage with 'that' jutsu. You know the one."

"Unfortunately."

"I even remembered what you said and added a bit more of that 'boing-boing'...man, you should have seen the look on the old man's face. Went down faster than ever!"

I clear my throat. He rubs the back of his head sheepishly.

"O-oh. Sorry, ehe. Right, so...I nabbed the scroll. And I learned a neat trick after a few hours of trying. It sucked and was pretty hard at first, but...well, let me show you."

He gets up and stands in front of me, making the Tiger seal with both hands. I feel like...wait a moment.

"Shadow Clone Jutsu!"

And all of a sudden, there are five Narutos standing in front of me. I instinctively look down and see that they all have shadows. These aren't illusions - they're honest to god copies.

No wonder Iruka passed him.

He dispels the clones and goes back to his seat.

"So where is the scroll now?" I ask, still trying to process everything.

"Back with the old man. Mizuki tricked me. I mean it worked out in the end, but he wanted the scroll for himself...for whatever reason. I don't know. He tried to kill me for it, but Iruka-sensei figured things out and came in the nick of time before anyone else found me. Took one of those giant shuriken to the back."

That's about what I would expect from that sort of man. Unbelievable. I really will have to do something special for him one day soon. I wonder if I should scold him personally for his recklessness...hm. I will have to think on it.

"Iruka-sensei told me that I was a shinobi of the village, and that...meant a lot to me. So I geared up and kicked Mizuki's ass, and that was the end of it. The scroll got put back, and I ended up getting some more ramen. The old man was confused to see me again so soon, but Iruka-sensei convinced him it was okay. Not often you get to have ramen for breakfast, yeah?"

"It shouldn't be often."

"Eh." He shrugs. "So...that's the story. And I wanted you to hear about it...well, there are a lot of reasons for that. I feel like..."

"What you did was reckless and foolish. You could have hurt many people. Maybe even killed them with your actions. You nearly put a dangerous power into the hands of a criminal and endangered the village, weakened its security, and brought shame to everyone you knew."

"..."

"But Iruka-sensei is right. You are a member of this village. You are cared for. You are needed, and necessary. Naruto, you are worth something no matter what happens, or what type of skills you do and do not have. Remember that. Treasure it. And focus on the fact that you did accomplish something great, with your own two hands."

"Lili..."

"All I want out of you is a promise that you will continue to do better, each and every day. And that you will use your powers for good from now on. You're a shinobi now. Got it?"

"Got it!"

"Good. Thank you for telling me all of this," I say with a smile. "I appreciate it, just as I appreciate you."

"Yeah...thanks."

"Now go on home and get yourself ready for tomorrow. You don't want to be unprepared for Sharingan Kakashi's first class."

"Probably not," Naruto says as he gets up. "Sounds like a real hardass, too. Ah, well. I'll figure it out when I get there. See you, Lili. And thanks for listening."

"You're welcome. You can tell me anything, Naruto. I'll be here for you."

"Yeah." He starts on his way, and I wait. A few more steps. He stops. Looks back at me.

Makes his way to my side, and whispers into my ear. Steps back a bit.

"Is that so," I say. It's something heavy. Something...I think should be unbearable.

"Yeah. Mizuki blurted it out in the forest." He looks down at his feet nervously.

"I see." I stand up and go to leave. "You should understand something."

"What...is it?"

I place a hand on his cheek, and stare into his blue eyes. I want him to remember this moment.

"What you might be to the world, and what terrible thing you might have inside of you...all of that is meaningless before me. Remember that. You will always be Naruto to me."

I watch as the worry melts away from him.

"I see everything you are. I accept you."

"...yeah."

"I'll see you, then. Take care of yourself." I slowly let my hand slide down from his face, and start my walk home.

The Nine-Tailed Fox. The means by which the Fourth Hokage saved the village...a child who became a jinchurriki at birth. I don't know the reasons, so I cannot judge them. But the way this village has treated him...it hurts too much. I don't know if it's something I can truly forgive. I will try, though. For his sake. And for the sake of the Fourth, who gave of himself as well.

If all I can do is stand by Naruto's side, then that is what I will do.

But I know that I can do more. And so I will.

"It's something we shouldn't spread around too much. Or at all, really. That boy is bold for telling you so suddenly after he found out."

Midori said that much to me yesterday before leaving for the day. I told her about Naruto and she seemed to understand completely.

"It makes sense. The chakra of the Nine-Tails is extremely powerful...still, I wonder what exactly the Fourth was thinking with that kind of set-up. I can tell that the Third doesn't know either, since he's been trying to handle the situation from afar. What a mess..."

"..."

"It's up to you, Lili. If you can lead him forward, then things will be okay."

"I'll do my best, Midori-nee."

She rubbed my head as she always did before taking off. Luna emerged from her room a moment later.

"Miss Lilith, I'm-"

"Your shirt."

"Eh?"

"It's backwards, Luna."

She looked down and made another one of her distressed noises while turning red.

"Midori-nee must be amazing if she can leave you in that state so consistently-"

"Not another word! Please!"

Luna could barely stand to look at me the rest of the night.

It's morning now. I will be meeting my sensei, Kurenai Yuuhi today. 7am comes and I rise from bed. Luna is already preparing the bath.

"You're up early today, Miss Lilith."

"I'm looking forward to my first day on the job. Plus, Hinata and I will be together. It should be fun."

"Very happy to hear that. The bath will be ready in just a moment..."

"No rush. Hinata will be here around 8:30." I wait patiently for Luna to finish, and then we get into the tub together.

"Where will you be meeting with your sensei? Miss Yuuhi, right?"

"Yes. We'll be meeting at the Dangoya for some tea and breakfast. It sounds classy enough, and should be nice."

"It sounds like it. Let me touch up your hair a bit..."

After we finish our bath, I get into my new clothing.

"Is this alright, Miss Lilith?"

The mirror in my room is full-length, and I take one last look at myself. For now, the clean and modest look is still in. A black sweater that shows off a bit of my shoulders, with sleeves that flare outwards starting from the lower part of my arms. Stylish, and functional for my alternative skills. The green armband fits nicely with it, I think. A pair of navy blue cargo shorts, over black tights. These feel comfortable enough, and I have many pockets to use, which pleases me. I have a sturdy black toolbelt and my pouch is now attached to it. And of course, my gifted butterfly knife from Midori, carried in a holster that is strapped to my right thigh. Just like Luna.

I feel my hair being brushed gently, Luna making sure as usual that it looks right. She steps away once finished, and I give an approving nod to my reflection as I turn and look myself over.

"A glass of milk before I go, Luna."

"Of course, Miss Lilith." I follow her into the kitchen and she pours from the pitcher. The doorbell rings.

"A moment, please."

"Mm-hm." I drink down my milk and then fuss over my outfit a bit longer. Finally, I see who's at the door. It seems to be the appointed time.

"Lady Hinata, good morning."

"Ah...good morning, Luna. It's nice to see you again."

"Likewise. Miss Lilith is ready...I hope you both have a safe and productive day."

"Thank you..."

"Will you be home late?" Luna asks me.

"We might be. Depends on how things go, but I think I should be home a reasonable hour."

"Understood. Please do not hesitate to call if you need my help."

"Yes. Thank you, Luna." We share a hug. "I'll see you later."

"Yes. Take care, Miss Lilith. You as well, Lady Hinata."

We wave goodbye before leaving, descending the stairs and hitting the streets of the Leaf. They seem a bit busier this time around, but it is the top of summer. Everyone has come out to relax and play, whatever suits them best. And school is out all over the land for most children. I follow Hinata to our meeting place. Her headband hasn't been changed, but is secured around her neck. Very chic.

"Um...Lili?"

"Yes?"

"Luna...really is, um. I mean to say...her body..."

"I know."

"It's...not difficult?" she asks.

"Not at all. I'm used to it. And she doesn't do anything to make me uncomfortable, or feel like I'm inadequate. So it's more than fine."

"I see..."

I rub at my cheek. "It's also nice. The softness, I mean..."

"S-soft...ah?"

"You should try it."

Hinata shakes her head. "I-I don't think...would t-that even be okay?"

"I would think so. I tease her about being a pedophile sometimes, but that's far from the truth. And I don't think she would mind, especially since you're also a girl."

"..."

"Maybe she could wash your hair, if you're more interested in that. She's really good at it."

"Ah. Yours always does look nice. She washes it every morning?"

"Only as often as needed." We stop at an intersection and make sure it's clear before crossing. "If you take care of it properly, you only need to do light washing most days. Yours is nice, too. Have you thought about growing it?" I ask.

"Hm..."

"You should consider it. I think long hair would suit you."

"I'll...I will definitely think about it," Hinata says. The gears are turning in her head, so that's good.

Before I realize it, we're at the dango shop. Early, as is my way. Shino is standing up ahead, easily recognizable.

"Shino," I say to him as we approach. He pushes up his glasses and nods to acknowledge me.

"It's good to finally greet you properly, Miss Genius." A strange way of speaking, but not particularly cold. Nothing like Sasuke, anyways.

"I feel the same. It's nice to meet you, Shino." I bow and Hinata follows suit. Shino bows in return. "Lili is fine."

"I'll note that...but I think last names sound a bit cooler."

"..." Well, everyone has their quirks. Wanting to experience coolness isn't so bad. "Kobayashi is fine also," I say.

"Thank you. You're more accommodating than I assumed."

"I appreciate hearing that." He's agreeable, at least. This seems fine. Hinata timidly introduces herself while I look out for our sensei. Kurenai Yuuhi...hm.

There's a woman coming up the street who looks decidedly mature. Her hair is wild-looking and reaches to her shoulders, and she has striking red eyes. She wears red lipstick and an interesting looking kind of blouse, patterned like vines and thorns with bold red lines running vertically. Her one visible sleeve on her right arm is also coloured red. There are cloth wrappings strategically placed on her limbs.

This is her, then.

"Good morning."

"Good morning, sensei," I say politely.

"No need to be so stiff with me, alright?" she says with a smile. "As you might have guessed, I'm your squad leader. My name is Kurenai Yuuhi. For the record, you're my first group of genin ever. I've only become a jounin and an instructor recently."

Is that so...a rookie jounin? Hm. I wonder what was behind that decision...dumping us off on her? Or something more sinister? Was Iruka guessing at this, or something else? Many questions...

"Let's head inside for now and have some tea," Kurenai says. She seems nice...but it could always be a front, I suppose. Not likely. She said she was new to this, so she wouldn't want to screw up badly by causing us harm. Not me, as an accomplished graduate, and not Hinata or Shino, who are the children of prominent clans.

We follow her inside the shop and have a seat. She makes an order for tea and some light breakfast items to share amongst all of us. We sit on one side, she on the other.

"We'll probably be discussing things for a while. I think we should make a trip down to the barbeque place when we're finished for some lunch. I'll buy for everyone." As she speaks, I notice she's wearing some eye shadow. It's purple, and she carries it well.

"Sensei."

"Remember what I said earlier, okay? But Kurenai-sensei is okay, if you wish."

"I see, understood. Kurenai-sensei, is this usually how you look when on assignment?" I ask. There is much debate over womanly appearances during work. I wonder what her views are.

"Usually, yes. Part of being a shinobi is being in your best condition. Feeling good is important, and looking good contributes to that. I enjoy my womanhood, and so I embrace it. Self-care is important." She smiles and winks. "This isn't just for young people, either. Remember all of this as you grow. Ah...it's the same for you, Shino. Remember to take care of yourself."

"Understood. I'll immerse myself in esoteric pursuits," he says.

"Hm. That's fine, too. Anyways, I've had a chance to glean some information from the Aburame and the Hyuuga about their children, so...Lilith, right?"

"Yes. Lili is fine."

"Good, I like it. Lili, I'll have to meet with your guardian soon. Will that be inconvenient?"

"Not at all. Luna will be home tomorrow and I'll be sure to inform her of your wishes tonight before bed."

"Thank you. And Luna...her relation to you is...?"

"My maid. Stepmother is at the estate," probably molesting the help, I leave out, "and Father is...busy. Working, somewhere." I've lost track of where he might be. But it's hard to care at this point.

"And I heard that you have an older sister as well," Kurenai says.

"Midori-nee. She's not my sister by blood, but I love her very much. Right now, she should be performing ceremonial duties."

"She's royalty, then."

"Yes." It's not a lie, at least.

"Interesting. Alright, I'll talk to Miss Luna at some point, perhaps tomorrow." Kurenai sips from her teacup, and I follow. Hinata does the same. "With all that aside, let's introduce ourselves formally. I'll start. Kurenai Yuuhi, jounin of the Hidden Leaf. I like reading and evening drinks. I want to become the best kunoichi that I can be, and carry on the Will of Fire like my family and comrades have. As for my dream...well, I suppose it's old-fashioned. I want to retire one day and be an old woman, with a good kid and a husband who will love me forever."

She nods to Shino who clears his throat. "Shino Aburame. Member of the Aburame Clan and genin of the Hidden Leaf. I enjoy winter melon and collecting various insects. My goal is to refine my insect techniques to perfection, and become the greatest insect user of all time. Why? Because the pursuit of perfection is what advances humanity to its greatest heights."

"Ambitious," Kurenai says. "And interesting. Winter melon, eh..."

"Is there a problem with that, sensei?" he asks. Wow. A little defensive, aren't we?

"Yeah. It's weird." And this woman doesn't pull her punches. "I don't know anyone who likes winter melon at all."

"It's an acquired, perhaps a...refined taste."

"Oho...refined, huh?"

I nudge Hinata. No need to let this turn into a bloodbath so early.

"A-ah...my name is Hinata...Hyuuga," she starts shakily. "I'm a genin and member of the...Hidden Leaf's Hyuuga Clan. They're...one of...I-I mean, they are the greatest clan of the Leaf...um, I like...I like to press flowers...and cinnamon rolls...and, um...my dream is to become strong...like the people that I admire."

She blushes and goes quiet again. I pat her head in approval, and she calms a bit. A good job for her first try.

"From what I know of you, that's a big step. But it's my job as your sensei to help you get there," Kurenai says. "That kind of effort will make you a fine woman, Hinata."

"Kurenai-sensei...thank you..."

"Any time. And now, we come to the number one rookie. Tell us about yourself, Lili."

"Yes." I seem to know what I want. Nothing truly set in stone, but...it never hurts to reach for the stars. "My name is Lilith Kobayashi. My friends and comrades call me Lili. I'm the top rookie genin of the Leaf. My mother is a socialite and gravure model, while my father is a rice magnate. I developed shinobi talents and find myself enjoying them, despite being from a rich family. I live in an apartment with my beautiful maid and guardian, Luna. I like curly fries, milk, and Midori-nee a whole lot. I also really like girls. And my dream..."

I clasp my hands together dramatically.

"I want to become strong and elegant like my sister, discover the world, and find the most outrageously beautiful wife. Becoming a full-fledged shinobi will help me accomplish all of these things."

"A wife? I see," Kurenai says with a nod. "I personally prefer men, but you know how it goes."

"That's fair. I know that Hinata is the same," I say as Hinata blushes.

"Hm. That would make you the daughter of Kobayashi Rice's CEO, then. I can see why you would want to travel, you must have lived a sheltered enough life under those conditions. Being able to defend yourself is a good asset, and the village does send you on missions far and wide. When you become a chuunin, you should think about petitioning the Hokage to become a special envoy," Kurenai explains. "It involves a lot of back and forth travel. That way, you'll get to see all kinds of exotic women with good figures."

"Ah. I'll take that into consideration." Kurenai really is good. Not only accepting my preferences, but finding a way to mix them into a potential shinobi career. Very nice.

"Let's finish our light breakfast here and get going."

We do so, taking a few more minutes to finish before heading outside. Kurenai stretches her arms before holding up one finger to the air and nodding.

"Okay, so...as I suggested earlier, we'll be getting barbeque for lunch. Shino and Hinata know the spot that I'm talking about. Let's call it three hours from now. The reason why I kept your breakfast light will become clear."

"Sensei, what will we be doing before then?" Shino asks.

"A team-building exercise."

I don't like where this is going.

"I'm going to head to a specific spot in town, and you're going to track me down. You've got three hours to do so. If you pass, you'll get an interesting prize along with your barbeque. If you fail...well, one of you is going to be punished harshly. Use the skills you have to find me before time runs out. You're starting now."

"W-wait...!" Hinata protests.

Kurenai winks before disappearing in a swirl of cherry blossoms. "Good luck~"

"She's swift...I didn't get to plant my insects onto her," Shino mutters. "Not cool..."

"Lili...w-what are we going to do?" Hinata asks. "She said we have to find her in three hours, but the Leaf is s-so big...a-and she could be hiding anywhere."

"..." I do wonder what I can do in this situation. There's really not that much time to find her, considering the size of the village...I should do something.

In fact, I think I will. I have just the tool for this.


Chapter 17
Scarlet Justice - ep. 17"Teamwork"

From a time that seems like years ago, Midori made a promise to me that I would learn certain techniques as soon as I got up to speed. And in the gap between my graduation and today, I was able to take hold of two of them, one coming out better than the other. As a result, my tongue has become stronger than before, and a bit more flexible. Immediate implications of this change are obvious. I am not at 'that' point yet, clearly, but...well, I can muse on it later. For now, it's time for business.

"The skill you're learning here is called Jacobson's Eye."

Midori's voice echoes through my head as I review my ability.

"It's a serpentine technique in form and in function. By tasting the atmosphere around you with your tongue, and objects as well, you can detect scents and chakra signatures. The information you collect can be used to track targets, identify obstacles, and even navigate without the aid of your other senses."

The result of this is a plain picture of the world around me, painted in my mind's eye as the technique activates. Darkness filled up by solid white lines to make up people, places, and things. And to help me move forward, small paths of light will trail the objects I choose to focus on and track. Right now, the technique isn't terribly strong. Midori says that it will mold itself to my desired shape as I continually use it, and it grows more and more powerful.

The second technique is already fully realized, but will take a lot of time to gain control of and eventually master. But the boon there is that it doesn't require any of the five senses to use...

Right. We have less than three hours. Time to work.

"There's no need to worry," I announce after coming out of my own world. "I'll handle the first part of this mission. Please make room."

Hinata nods and steps back, Shino following suit. I concentrate, and then quickly weave several unnecessary handseals before clapping my hands together.

"Ninja Art! Indomitable Special Tracking Technique: The Eye of Jacobson!"

"Oh...!"

"..."

I walk forward and pick up a rock, then lick it once. Success.

"Ah, it worked."

"Kobayashi...so this is the true reach of your power?" Shino asks.

"It's nothing special." It really isn't. It's just a tracking technique and I was having fun with that silly naming scheme.

"Hm." Shino nods. "I see...downplaying your ability. A sound strategy."

"..." I look over to Hinata, who seems mesmerized for some reason.

"W-wow...so that's an elite shinobi technique..."

"..." She fell for it, too. She really is easy to bully.

I sigh and close my eyes to concentrate, entering the black and white world. I can visualize Kurenai's path...it's a little distorted due to my inexperience, but I have the direction that she's started off in.

"Hinata, Shino. This way."

"Yes!"

"Understood."

They willingly follow me to the northeast as I continue along the thin trail. It waves back and forth in front of me, but I have the general direction still in hand. With more work, I can easily use this technique to pick a needle out of a haystack...but right now, this one is still in its infancy. The trail gets cold, and I sweep the earth with one finger as I move, licking at it.

Kurenai's signature has faded off around this area. Foot traffic is low, and there are several small shops in the vicinity. Trying to throw us off, then?

"..."

Oh, she really is good. She planned this out from the very beginning and played her part to perfection. An early meeting in a comfortable place, quickly broken off. Tea and breakfast, followed by light conversation to lower our guards. Then suddenly springing the mission on us mid-conversation. Hinata was too busy to memorize her chakra network with the Byakugan, and Shino wouldn't be able to use his insects in time - especially since she sat on the opposite side of the table on purpose.

But this technique, and my affiliation with the snakes...this is your small advantage. I will have to leverage it as best I can. But I can't do it alone, even if everyone calls me a genius.

Another thing comes to me, that will make this more difficult. "She didn't say anything about staying put," I point out to my teammates.

"I see," Shino replies. "So we also have to put her in an inescapable position."

"That's a lot," Hinata says quietly. "Is...it possible for us?"

"I would say so," I reply to her. "We're comrades that can work together to solve any problem. We should figure out our next move." The entire time, I've been concentrating and tasting the air as we walk around. Barely anything...all I know is that she's around here somewhere and hiding, but that might not be the case. She could be closer to the barbeque place by now. But I'm familiar with her chakra and quite pleasant scent by now.

Thirty minutes have passed. There's still some time left to go.

We have options. We can head back to the shop to regroup. But that would waste more time and might not lead to anything good. We can manually search the area for Kurenai...my tracking skill might bring up something, but it seems unlikely. She's erased herself pretty well, likely in anticipation of Shino's insects. The locals could help, but she'd probably take on a disguise to shut that down. And we can search closer to the end goal, but that runs back into the problem of the first option, taking up too much time.

Shino? He could help, but a cloud of insects would be too obvious, and she would be on guard for that.

"..."

But...there is something that she can't stop, no matter how hard she tries. The low foot traffic I noted earlier plays right into our hands. I walk closer to Hinata.

"There's something I want you to do for me."

"Ah...okay. What is it?" she asks eagerly. I smile and lean closer to her.

"I'll need you to use those eyes of yours...sensei should be here somewhere," I whisper. "Walk slowly to where you think she might be. Do you trust me?"

"Yes," she whispers back.

"I'm happy that you do. Let's begin."

As I pull away, I see that her eyes have brightened as her bloodline ability activates. The low traffic should help her find Kurenai...it won't be hard to pick up on an adult like her as it is, on top of being a kunoichi.

"Lili...it's the first building down the road with glass doors. I think...it's her. She seems like she's sitting down."

"There are probably a couple of different ways she can escape," I say without turning. Shino is turned in another direction, quick as ever to adapt. "In case she can see you, don't use your bloodline limit once you get close."

"Yes, understood." Hinata starts to walk towards Kurenai's location. Shino and I start to move in different directions. Finding her is the first part, catching her is the next. We have to be precise with our next few moves, now that Hinata is moving alone.

"Shino, I'll leave this part to you. Please have your insects spread out for now."

"Understood." I can hear a slight buzzing as the bugs take off. Activating my technique again, I can faintly note that Kurenai is on the move. Hinata, who I can also see, has stopped in front of the shop.

Time to move.

I loop around back towards the shop front and see that Kurenai has already walked past Hinata. I reflexively focus downwards, though my ability has already told me enough: there's no shadow beneath her, and it's a clone. Hinata starts towards a cloaked figure and attacks, but it jumps away quickly to a rooftop.

"Not bad."

I draw a kunai - these real ones feel ever so slightly different than the academy ones - and clash with the one in the 'stranger's' hand. Hinata's open palm strike is deflected as well, and she's driven back by a kick that she barely blocks.

"But your moves are predictable. Those insects? They won't reach me," Kurenai says as she body flickers through the wave of insects approaching from below us. With a quick movement, she throws a shuriken behind her head that lands right at Shino's feet.

"Is that all you have? Listen, don't play around...come at me with a better effort next time, or you're done for."

She uses a smoke bomb to escape my sight. Bad luck. Seems that we've failed...

Time to try again.

"Lili...here. I think this will help us end it..."

"?" What does Hinata mean by...wait. I understand what she means and flick my tongue along her palm. That's definitely Kurenai, and her path has solidified completely in my mind. We're locked in.

"Did you think of this before?" I ask.

"Y-yeah...I figured that if I could at least touch Kurenai-sensei, you could use that to your advantage..." And she's been worrying about her ability...figuring out my technique and then thinking about the best way to exploit it is something very clever. Though...I wonder if something like that happened only because it was me...

"I'll have to do better next time with an ambush," Shino says as he joins us on the roof. "My apologies, Kobayashi."

"It's fine. That wasn't your fault, and we've made up more than enough ground thanks to Hinata. I don't think she knows about my technique yet, so we should hunt her down. Ready!"

"Ready!" they both reply. We take off across town, now hot on Kurenai's trail. It takes a bit before we manage to catch up, but we're soon within range.

"I can see her," Hinata says. "She's continuing to move at high speed..."

So she's taking us seriously now. Fine by me.

"We've almost caught up. Should we move and attack her head on?" Shino asks.

I look at the timepiece on the inside of my wrist briefly. Two hours left. We can be cautious as long as we keep in range. But we can also try to end this now, before we get worn down by the chase.

"Hm." Easy solution, then. We'll surround her and then close in. "I'll go on ahead. Both of you surround her and then start moving inwards."

"I have a plan that I want to set in motion," Shino says.

"Fine with me. Hinata?"

"I feel the same...let's try it," she says.

We come together to talk, then quickly separate. I nod to my comrades and then accelerate ahead, making sure that I'm well out in front of Kurenai as I move. She takes note of me and swivels her head to note Shino and Hinata closing distance. I use my technique to measure out everyone's paths. They get close enough and I spin around, jumping off the nearest roof and towards Kurenai as she lands on another one nearby. I throw several senbon and she deflects them all, Hinata taking the chance to jump in from my right to start her taijutsu. Kurenai quickly side steps her attack and is aware of Shino, who starts to use his insects. She body flickers towards him, seeming to close the gap before he can respond.

"!"

She suddenly stops and throws a shuriken quickly, dispersing the insect clone.

"Nice try!"

Another swarm of insects tries to surround her, but she quickly jumps to another roof - towards me. I rush forward and engage, but she dispatches me with a quick knee-

"What...?"

-and I explode into a cloud of insects. She evades backwards, running into Shino. He moves in a familiar stance, and I see Kurenai's eyes widen in realization. It's too late for her; 'Shino' transforms back into Hinata tags her arm with a precise palm strike. The insects catch up to drain her chakra.

Kurenai jumps to the ground, and the insects leave her as she gasps for air.

"Tch...that was a pretty good trap. But you let up too soon, kids...it's not over yet." She's right, Shino didn't drain her far enough. Even if she's weakened, Kurenai is still an elite soldier, enough to overwhelm one of us genin with pure strength.

She grits her teeth. "You first."

"!"

She accelerates towards Shino and Hinata lets out a panicked gasp - no mistake, that's the real one. And he's not nearly fast enough to get out of the way. If Kurenai gets him, then there's every chance she will get away afterwards, and we won't have the manpower to take her down.

I'm fast enough. I have to be. I can get there...but I can't do much after that. I'll be at her mercy.

"..."

Shino is putting on a cool face, but I know he must be panicking.

Right. It's decided.

"Hinata, move ahead."

I push chakra through my body and take off, meeting Kurenai right at the point of impact. I desperately clash my kunai against hers, throwing off her attack and knocking over Shino. My body hits the ground hard and I wince, enough for her to recover and start a takedown...

"Y-yield, sensei..."

...but my faith is rewarded. Shino surrounds Kurenai with insects, and Hinata has her fingers pressed into Kurenai's back before she can advance towards me.

"..." Kurenai grimaces and sighs before raising her hands. Shino's insects retreat, and Hinata backs away. "You brats really are good, huh..."

"Something like that," I reply. I grab onto my sensei's hand as she extends it, and pull myself up.

"Why do that, Lili?" she asks. I know what she's getting at.

"We're comrades that can do anything we put our minds to. And I saw my comrade in trouble...I had faith in Shino and Hinata. With their abilities, even if I was taken out they could coordinate and finish the mission. I felt better served in that situation as a decoy, drawing attention so that they could prepare themselves. As soon as I made my move, they understood my intentions."

"When I saw Kobayashi coming towards me, in an attempt to intercept you, sensei...that said enough to me," Shino says.

"Yeah...w-we knew that we only had this chance left if anything went wrong. Lili put herself at one end...trusting us with the other," Hinata finishes.

"What the hell...haha. I thought I would have to show you guys how to work together as a team, but you figured it out in an hour or two. So much for that, eh," Kurenai says with a smile.

"Hinata and Kobayashi have a high synergy rate," Shino points out.

"He's not wrong. And it's easy to be motivated by someone so cute," I say with a straight face. Hinata predictably blushes at that.

"Well, we've finished with time to spare...let's head to lunch. I'm treating you guys as promised, and I'll have your extra reward ready later, promise." She helps dust me off and I do the same for her. We start on our way at a normal pace this time.

Shino is as cool and aloof as always. Hinata looks to be her timid self, but her face is bright with confidence. And Kurenai, our sensei from here on, carries herself elegantly. I want to know more about her, but I think that can wait a while longer. And Luna will have much to tell me after their meeting.

So, Shino it is.

"Hoi, Shino."

I catch up and walk beside him. He pushes up his glasses with one finger.

"You're sure that you want to talk to me?"

"We're teammates now," I point out.

"Yes, but even so...we don't necessarily have to interact beyond missions, or like each other."

"Mm." A pragmatist, then. Interesting.

"But I appreciate your efforts. What did you want to talk about, Kobayashi?"

Or maybe he's just a difficult guy. "Tell me about your journey to become a shinobi. Are you also an elite?"

"Probably. My father is the head of the Aburame Clan."

"Ah. So you might be the next head."

"It's his intention. What do you mean by 'too'? Are you royalty?"

"Just wealthy. My sister is, but we're not blood-related."

"That sounds like a television drama."

I roll my eyes. "You really are difficult to deal with."

"It's a lot like a woman to say such a thing. My mother is the same."

"Is she also a shinobi?" I ask.

"No. She's a housewife. She married into the clan and doesn't mind it at all. Apparently insects have always interested her."

I think on that a moment. "I suppose making love to a bug person would be difficult otherwise."

"I don't know why you would think that. Are you a pervert?" he asks.

I pout at that. "That's a rude question. I'm simply curious and like to explore sexual topics sometimes."

"When you said Hinata was cute, did you mean that?"

"I was teasing her, but those are my real feelings as well. She really is cute," I say. "But she's very much in love with someone else. I'm supporting her all the way. This bond we have now...it's more than enough for me."

"That means you would try and seduce her in another situation."

"Well, yes. Why wouldn't I? I said it clearly earlier, I like girls."

"It could be a phase," he counters.

"No," I reply. "Women are nice and soft and beautiful. I'm not interested in men. Not even Sasuke, before you try and ask. I'd like to travel the world and get myself a good wife."

"Hm."

"What, you're not going to say something like 'that's really simple minded', or something?" I ask him.

"Well...there is that, yes." Rude. "But where does becoming a shinobi fit into this? I was born into this life, and you weren't."

I run a hand through my hair. "Strength controls everything. Don't be foolish...you need power to survive in any world, whether it's that of the rich, or that of shinobi. And this opportunity requires strength of all kinds. That is why I pursue it." I sigh.

"Yes...I've heard that a lot."

"You really are annoying."

"Yes, I've heard that as well."

"I like you."

He freezes up and looks at me. "I...pardon?"

"I like you, Shino," I repeat with sincerity. "You're a good person."

"Why would you say something like that?" he asks, regaining his composure. "As I said, you have no need to try and soften me up. As long as we perform together on missions competently-"

"There are...very few people in this world to trust. Very few to bond with. Very few people that care for others. I saw it, Shino. When I took that blow for you earlier...you were concerned for me. You worried, more than you did about your own well being."

"..." He's quiet. "Is this from when Sasuke..."

"My world changed from that point on," I say.

"I'm sorry."

"Please, don't apologize. It wasn't your fault. You see, I was right." I give him a smile. "You're really a good guy."

"I can see why Hinata looks at you the way she does. She's changed, especially since we left the Academy." He looks at me again. "And you have...a much softer side than I imagined. For better or for worse, you see things as they are in the world. You...don't really like people. So I suppose that being liked by you is important."

"..."

"What is it?" he asks.

"The way you talk isn't...accessible," I explain gently. "You're lucky that you have Hinata and I as teammates. And Kurenai as your sensei."

"Hmph."

"Also...something important for you."

"Yes?"

I flip my hair backwards, over my shoulder. "If you're going to use your insects often, be sure to withdraw and reapply them as needed. I take baths daily and wash my hair."

"I'll keep that in mind for the future. Thank you. We're at our destination." He turns to face me squarely. "I know you have more things to tell me about your past. Is it painful?"

"Yes," I say to him. "I will reveal all to you in time, Shino."

"Fine. I can live with that."

I nod and enter the restaurant ahead of him.


Chapter 18
Scarlet Justice - ep. 18"Debut"

Lunch turns out to be very delicious. I'll have to come back to this place soon as well.

Hinata doesn't eat much, I note. I mean to say something, but end up holding my tongue. It might simply be nerves or exhaustion. I think she will be okay. Kurenai pays the bill as promised and we say our goodbyes for the day.

When I get home, Luna is out. I decide to use this free time in a somewhat responsible manner, and check if I can access another snake friend from my registry. Midori gets a call by way of telepathic communication, using the seal carved into my arm.

Midori-nee.

Lili, darling. How are you today?

Fine. I just finished my first day with Kurenai-sensei and my team. I'll tell you about them later when you come over next.

Of course. What can I help you with, my love?

I wanted to see if it was okay to use another part of my power.

Hmm...

I wait a moment.

Okay, you should be ready. I've added the next person to our list. Concentrate and call them to your side. Anything else?

No, nothing for now. I'll see you soon. I love you, Midori-nee.

And I love you, Lili. Take care.

We end our short call, and I concentrate on my seal again. In a cloud of smoke, a blue snake appears before me. They have scales that make them look sturdy and stone-like, like a fortress.

"Princess. I am glad that you have called for me at last."

The voice projected into my head is feminine, and also a bit deep. It gives me a feeling of strength and stability.

"Yes. Thank you for assisting me."

"Our Empress has allowed you access to my power, and so I will place my life in your hands to use as you see fit. My name is Aoko. And the power I offer to you is that of a strong shield to defend against the most menacing threats, called Chaotic Bulwark. As your power grows, Princess, so will mine. One day in the near future, we will combine to form the most absolute defense."

"Ah."

"But...I do not want to have you get ahead of yourself, Princess. Forgive my enthusiasm."

I think for a moment. "You and Crim are related."

"Ah, yes. Not all of us that will become available to you are of the same family, but some of us are directly related. Crim is my younger brother. He speaks highly of you and wishes to offer his assistance as often as possible."

"He is an excitable fellow."

"Yes, surely."

"I feel safe knowing that the two of you will be protecting me from now on. Crim is a good man, and you should be proud of him."

"Yes, Princess. I certainly am." An elder sister who cares for her brother deeply. Family is strong in the serpent kingdom it seems, and I think it's delightful to see.

"Then, until the time that I need you, Aoko."

"Of course, Princess. May heaven watch over you." She leaves in a cloud of smoke. I close my eyes and go back to my registry: Midori-nee, Crim, and now one more...a very fit woman in armor, with short blue hair and a calm expression. My third member, Aoko.

"Good. My strength grows."

With that done, I waste the rest of my day reading manga until Luna comes home. We chat about our day, and I inform her of Kurenai's desire for a meeting. Afterwards we take a bath together, washing away the stress of a long day. We watch a movie and end up falling asleep in each other's arms.

Kurenai drills us with basic exercises and abbreviated missions of all types - the sorts of things I imagined we would start off with as genin. Fixing things, clearing yards, making deliveries, and other odd jobs. They pay little to nothing and wouldn't be taken care of if not for students and young shinobi like us. Rarely there are some adults and others who take detours to do these sorts of thankless jobs, but it's mostly left to beginners in the same positions we are. And it's fair, I think. We don't get much in the way of money, but we get to know our neighbours, the value of hard work, and do service for our community. Being part of the Leaf...many dimensions to that sort of thing. Money and prestige can wait...and we especially don't need to rush off to die so soon.

The time for battle will come, though. I wonder how I will handle it. Will I...enjoy such a thing? I've asked myself that question before, more than once.

Is it wrong to enjoy killing?

I wonder about that a lot.

We gather daily at Training Field 23, in the same manner as we do today. Kurenai has finally authorized official missions.

"I think you kids are ready. You've shown off teamwork, ability, and a willingness to work hard. We'll start off slowly for now, and then graduate to tougher work as we adjust. But I'll be with you at all times, so if you need to rely on me, say the word and I'll take on your burdens."

After Kurenai does equipment checks, we go to the Academy complex where the Mission Assignment Desk sits. It's a long table with about six or seven people sitting behind it. An encouraging banner is printed above: "do your best, everyone".

"Nice that we cross paths again so soon, eh?"

A familiar voice. I approach the table to see Iruka, who I give a smile and polite bow. I wonder how his back is doing today.

"These ones haven't been any trouble, have they, Kurenai?" he asks with a silly grin.

"Far from it. Passed their first test with flying colours, too. You raised a heck of a class this year, Iruka."

"Heh, these kids are powerhouses all on their own. Couldn't match up at that age."

"I'm pretty excited to get things started...those rookie nerves are all but gone on my end," Kurenai says with a smile.

"Good to hear!"

"Yes, I feel the same. Very good to hear," the old man beside Iruka says. From the flowing robes, the wrinkles, and the character on his hat, he has to be...

"Lord Hokage. It's an honour," I say while bowing low and keeping my head down. So this is him. Hiruzen Sarutobi, the Third Hokage of the Hidden Leaf. He had retired once, but after that incident...the one that made Naruto a host...he had to return to the position once more.

"Formalities of that degree aren't necessary, my dear. Ah...Lilith, isn't it? This is our first meeting."

"Yes, Lord Hokage."

"I hear that Lili is fine as well?"

"It is, my lord, if you would prefer that."

"Alright, Lili it is." He gives me a warm smile. I...really feel comfortable around this old man. Everyone seems to, and Ino did give that glowing report the other day...but this feeling is really soothing right now. "I know that you'll do great things after your performances in the Academy."

"Thank you, my lord."

"Although...we'll have to keep you away from any missions involving Kobayashi Rice, just to cover ourselves," he says with a laugh.

I smile and nod. "Understood, sir."

"Good, good. Now, Kurenai...I believe you wanted to pick up a D-Rank to start things off," the Hokage says as he flips through papers.

"Yes, Lord Hokage. Nothing too strenuous. I believe in their teamwork."

"Hmm..." The Hokage looks at us curiously, scanning each member of the team. Smoke puffs up from his pipe as he seems to be mulling something over. I can't imagine what, as we're a newly minted team. "Kurenai."

"Yes, sir."

"Have you spoken to the Hyuuga Head recently?" What's this about...?

"I have, Lord Hokage. And he said..." Kurenai makes a face before composing herself. "He said that I could 'do as I pleased'...because he had no further use for her."

"..." Her? No. No, that couldn't be referring to...

"I see. Still stubborn, that man..." The Hokage rubs his forehead.

"Lord Hokage, may I ask what this is about?"

"I'm mulling over sending your group on a C-Rank mission to start."

"C-Rank?" Iruka says. "Sir, that's...a bit much, isn't it?"

"Sir, I was also thinking the same," Kurenai says. "I know that I'm more than ready to lead, and I don't want to question your judgement here..."

"I have confidence in this particular team and its members, based on what I've seen and heard. Also...there's something that I want to test. I don't mean to use your team as expendable guinea pigs, Kurenai..."

"I wouldn't think anything of the sort, sir. I really just want to keep the children safe."

"Of course, of course. I didn't mean to cause you alarm."

"Yes, sir. I understand. If you're confident in us taking on a C-Rank, then by all means."

"The decision will ultimately be up to you. I can only make the suggestion and offer it as an option for now. As you said, your team is still young with plenty of time to grow. There are two C-Rank missions available; you may choose from one of them, or decline and attempt D-Rank missions instead."

"..." Hinata has her head down after Kurenai's report. She is quiet and deathly still.

The clan head...her father.

No use for her.

Memories violently flood back into my head. I feel my blood start to boil as those words echo, over and over.

"The two missions, sir?" Kurenai asks.

"Iruka?" The Hokage says.

"Yes, sir. Both escort missions, here...one for an architect who needs protection on his way to Wave Country, and a defense mission for a construction project there. The second is portable guard for a precious metal shipment to Wind Country. It will go through the Hidden Sand Village."

Kurenai looks to me, and I nod. She looks back towards Iruka and the Hokage.

"Lord Hokage, we're taking the mission to Wind Country. I think it will be better suited to our abilities."

"Excellent. You will be leaving in two days at dawn. The mission is estimated to take a week, barring any incidents," the Hokage says. "Make sure you rest and prepare until then."

"We will. Thank you, my lord."

The four of us bow before leaving.

"Good luck, Team Eight!" Iruka says.

I wave back before we exit for good. Down the hall, there's a familiar scent...alcohol. Emi's favourite, among other things. She apparently had a high tolerance...

"What's this? Are you really shinobi?" An old man with a bottle emerges from a room nearby. Seems like he just wants to sneer at us. "I didn't think they would just train and hire anyone for the job..."

"Pay him no mind," Kurenai says firmly. "Let's go."

"Women concerned with their appearances more than their skills...especially the red-head midget over here. Who'd your parents pay off to let you play ninja, huh?

"I don't know who you are, but-"

"Sensei. It's fine." My anger is already surging behind this impassive mask. I walk towards the old man and stare up at him. "I suppose you're a client of the Leaf."

"That's right. I'm paying your village to protect me on the way back home, but now I'm not so sure with the likes of you running around."

"I see. How unfortunate...I do hope that you find someone suitable enough to take care of you on your trip."

I let my mask start to slip.

"I wish you safe travels...ossan."

I tilt my head and 'smile' brightly for him. He steps back and fumbles his bottle several times before catching it, shaking in fear.

"I promise. I will be a splendid shinobi the next time we meet."

"..."

As he falls on his behind, I turn on my heel and walk back towards my team.

"My insects are agitated again, just like the last time you did that at the Academy. You're sure that you're human?" Shino asks me.

"..."

Kurenai gives me a worried look, and I turn my head away.

I really do have a bad temper.

"Just barely...Shino."

Home. I do stretches and then light exercise in the comfort of my room before taking a shower. Luna comes in a while later and cooks dinner. I tell her about my mission.

"Do you need help with the supplies?" she asks.

"No thank you," I say to her. "Please don't push yourself. I'll gather everything and make my way out the morning of. It will be early even for you."

She nods in understanding. "Alright. I'll be here just in case you need anything, Miss Lilith."

"Thank you, Luna." I kiss her on the cheek and she smiles.

In the morning I go down to the training field and work on my attack speed. But it's an excuse to hit something until I stop feeling angry.

It's not working.

My chest feels hot even as my knuckles and feet get sore from pounding away at logs. The soreness goes away, but the anger doesn't. I keep thinking of Hinata. I keep thinking of her father mistreating her. Throwing her away. I can't stand it. She lives in that home and...

...

I pack up my things and head home, then sit in the tub for a long while. It's hard to stop thinking, but I eventually manage it and clear my mind. My body relaxes. I feel a bit better and start to focus on that feeling.

"Miss Lilith? Is everything okay?" Luna calls from outside the bathroom.

"I'm fine, Luna. Did you need something?"

"No, nothing. Lady Midoriko will be here soon, she's staying overnight."

"Oh, good. That means I won't have to worry about you in the morning."

"How...so?"

"You'll be too tuckered out to-"

"Why do I even bother sometimes?" Luna complains. "The worst...the worst..."

She stomps away as I snicker. I really do love that woman.

After my bath is relaxation time. The anime I ordered isn't out yet, which is a little disappointing, but manageable. A good book will have to do for now. I read with a cup of tea nearby before I hear the front door open and shut quickly.

"Lady Midoriko-"

"Lili, hi. I'll see you off tomorrow. Luna, pay attention. Mouth, closed. Room, in. Clothes, off."

"I-I don't think..."

"Five minutes. If you make me wait, I will make you squeal louder than you ever have before, woman."

"Yes, ma'am. I'll be ready in four minutes, ma'am."

I turn a page as I hear Luna hurry off.

"Long day, I assume?" I ask without looking up.

"Too long. Gonna take the edge off. If we're too loud, apologies in advance."

"It happens. Have a good night."

"Thank you."

The door to Luna's room opens and shuts. I put on the earmuffs that I leave nearby just in case, and take a sip of tea. They'll help while I pretend to hear nothing else for the next few hours.

"I did warn her, didn't I?"

I shrug and turn to a new page.

It's still dark outside as I open my eyes. That means that I'm still okay for time...

I rub my eyes and walk to the bathroom, splashing water onto my face and starting my routines. Packing is finished, I'm freshened up, and now I can start on breakfast.

"Mm...leaving already, then?"

"Yes." I turn my head to see Midori, with a robe that she lazily has open as she yawns.

"C-Rank, right? Seems like Sarutobi has a lot of faith in your group. I'm happy to see it, it means that you're another step closer to becoming a great shinobi."

"I see."

She sits down at the table, leaning back in her chair. "Don't worry about me. I'll be going back to snuggle with Luna once you leave."

"Understood."

"I've noticed that you've been a bit more tense lately. There's something worrying you."

"..." Well, she would notice. This is the woman that taught me everything I know.

"Hey. Be straight with me, Lili. What is it?"

"I'm worried about Hinata. She's...been discarded."

"Mm. And you want to reach her, is that it? The only thing you can do is strengthen her heart. After that...it's between her and her family."

"How do I do that?" I say as I finish cooking. "How can I give her strength?"

"Love her the same way that I love you."

"Like that..."

"Yes. Like that. As if she is your everything. And she will love you right back." She stretches and stands up. "Go ahead and eat, don't let me keep you. Everything will sort itself out, if you simply move forward. I promise you, Lili."

"Take care of Luna," I say.

"With my life, Lili."

"Thank you." I pause a moment. "I know that I'm being selfish. I do that a lot."

"That's perfectly fine sometimes. We all have our own desires and dreams. I'm the same. Those have value, too. I'll see you soon, Lili."

"Yes. Of course, Midori-nee."

She gives me a light nod before returning to Luna's room. I finish preparing breakfast and eating, then check over my things. One last, last check, then I shoulder my backpack and secure it. Okay. Time to leave.

"I forgot something."

"Did you?" I ask as I turn around. Midori smiles and places her hands on my cheeks. She leans forward and kisses my forehead gently.

Well, I suppose I have to come back safely now.

"There. Now it's fine," she says. My big sister is cute in her own ways. "Be safe, and if anything should happen...don't hesitate. I'll be there for you, even if I die."

Idiot. Saying things like that.

"Then I won't let it get that far," I say to her.

"Stubborn. Cute, but stubborn." I wonder where she gets off saying that. She pats me on the shoulder and sends me on my way.

My forehead still feels warm. Midori has a way of making me miss her the moment we part ways. I can't say that I dislike the feeling.

Love, then...

"..."

If I can rescue Hinata with that, then I'll give it my all. I trust what Midori has told me, and so I will follow her advice.


Chapter 19
Scarlet Justice - ep. 19"Togetherness"

Our meeting place is the main gate of the Leaf. Kurenai and Shino are already here. We meet and say our morning greetings before waiting for our last member. After a few minutes, Hinata arrives with another person in tow. The colour of their eyes makes it clear they're a member of the Hyuuga Clan.

"Lady Hinata, will you need anything else?" the man asks, annoyed at his task.

"N-no...I will b-be fine...t-t-thank you..."

"Understood. Then I will return to the estate." He gives the rest of us a dismissive look before taking off, back into the village.

"Everyone ready?" Kurenai asks. I want to say no. I should. Hinata is trying to hide it, but I can see the faint dark lines under her eyes. She's barely slept.

"Yes," the three of us say in unison.

It will be okay. I'll protect her. None of us want to screw this mission up, especially after the Hokage put his faith in all of us.

Kurenai nods. "Good. Our clients and their cargo should be coming up now. I think I see them."

The merchants draw nearer to us from inside of the village, and stop with us at the gates. Horses pulling a covered wagon, though this one has a solid roof and sides, made of strong wood. Sturdier than the normal covered wagons, and probably more expensive. The wheels are different too, containing rubber treads as opposed to leaving it just at wood.

The occupants meet up with us, three merchants.

"Morning to you." The first person is an older bald man, stern looking and muscular. He's fit and looks like he could easily thrive in the wilderness on his own. And he has a sort of aura that would seem intense to normal people. His name is Zen, and he's definitely the leader of the outfit. He has a black shirt on over blue overalls.

As he shakes hands with Kurenai, I take note of the other members. There's the younger man, probably early twenties, with brown hair spiked upwards and piercings on his eyebrows. I hear that his name is Toki. His loud complaining indicates that he thinks we're unnecessary. His muscles are bigger than Zen's, but I can see that they're mainly for show. Likely a playboy in his free time. He wears a baggy blue shirt and pants that look to be the group's regular uniform.

The last person has a vulnerable feeling to them. They're frail looking and skinny, and the baggy uniform that Toki wears looks even bigger on their body. It takes an extra moment for me to figure out that it's a woman under there. Her name is Airi, and she's even quieter than Hinata is...her black hair is cut short, and she's making an attempt to hide her femininity, wearing a straw hat to help that along. Given the things that can happen to women who travel...it's a sensible decision.

"What are the properties of the cargo that we're guarding?" Shino asks.

"None of your fuckin' business," Toki snarls. "You're getting paid to help us guard it, not to find out what's inside. Fuckin' clown. I told you this was a shitty idea, old man."

"Pipe down," Zen says. "Sorry about the kid. The cargo is pretty important like you've heard, and it's one of many shipments we've made. Wind Country is paying top dollar for it...there's a mix of things in here, but the majority of the shipment contains Red Iron."

"Red Iron?" Kurenai asks. "I've heard it mentioned vaguely, but I don't know much about it."

"It's a super conductive type of metal. Highly receptive to chakra and has a hell of a lot of applications. Ultra-high speed vibrations with lightning, extra moisture with water, increased heat tolerance and transfer with fire."

"So anything can become a deadly weapon when made with the stuff."

"Precisely. Now, being a metal it has applications outside of combat, really good ones...but this kind of offer couldn't be passed up. Can't give you the exact details, but it's a fat sack of cash for us once we finish this job. We...or really, I figured that we could afford to hire some extra muscle as a result."

"And I see that it only exists in a certain place at the moment, which is why you've kept your origins on a need to know basis," Kurenai concludes.

"You got it. We haven't yet perfected the process - working tools are pretty rare right now - but we're pretty much the only ones with the knowledge, expertise, and frankly the balls to handle this stuff. Red Iron is a real bitch to work with."

"Ah, I see."

"This is a waste of money," Toki says, interrupting. "A painted up leader, a girl pissing herself, a weirdo nerd in a jacket and this short red-headed bitch. This is what we've paid for? A bunch of fucking runts?"

"Ignoring the other garbage...I gotta question the youth movement here, myself," Zen says. "Did you guys just get dumped on us?"

"Lord Hokage entrusted us with this mission," Kurenai says. "The girl your...associate insulted just now with his vulgar language is an elite rookie kunoichi. By the numbers and her performances, she's on the same level as the Fourth Hokage at this age."

Zen raises a brow and looks at me, impressed. "That much, eh? Well...I know not to underestimate people who look small. That's what age teaches, anyways. Alright, you've sold me. We've wasted enough time chatting. The wagon's got enough room for four people, including the cargo. What's our game plan?"

"Let's go with two of us outside, two inside while you drive," Kurenai says. "Schedule preferences?"

"Hmm...let's keep it normal. Travel during the day, sleep at night."

"Good. We'll work out night watch when we get there. Sound okay?"

"Perfect. Let's get moving."

Kurenai turns to us. "Team Eight, our mission has begun. C-Rank, minimal threat level. Keep your eyes and ears tuned towards me, and if you have anything to bring to my attention, anything at all, please do so. Understood?"

"Understood, sensei," we all reply.

"Good. Then we advance."

It's largely uneventful out here. We keep level with the horse and wagon as it moves along at a steady pace, down the cleared paths of the Leaf Forest. Zen drives, Toki and Airi are inside. Shifts rotate throughout the day, and Kurenai makes sure that we're not expending too much energy. Two people on, two people off inside of the wagon. If someone is tired, they can take a nap to recharge.

The strategy pays out wonderfully; we make very good ground in three days even with the horses stopping for rest.

"Oi, sensei."

"Mister Zen. What can I do for you?" Kurenai responds. It's the fourth day and we've crossed the border from Fire Country to Wind Country. The forest is behind us, and we've started down a desert trail.

"We're going to stop and get a good meal in us. I know we're all tough, but I think we've made some really good time, and it'd be nice to get some actual rest in for once."

"I feel much the same. Let's find somewhere good to stop."

The land around us is flat and dusty, broken up by patches of vegetation. Some unfamiliar plants, and what I recognize as cactus. I can also see some have blooming flowers, so I wonder if it rained recently...

"There's something good."

Kurenai seems to have spotted something in the distance. We head off-road with the wagon moving a bit slower as our horses traverse the terrain. They're strong children though, and bring their cargo and passengers towards a most welcome sight.

An oasis, complete with natural hot spring.

"Hoh, lucky!" Zen says with a laugh.

"Shall we stop here?" Kurenai asks, smiling.

"Yeah, definitely. Oi, slackers!" He bangs on the wagon roof behind him, causing Toki to respond with his usual string of curses. The younger man steps out and scoffs.

"You really wanna stand here and jerk around with a delivery to make?"

"Shut it. We're going to be almost a week early for our shipment at this rate, no need to tire ourselves out for no reason," Zen responds. "Now you can sulk if you want, but I'm gonna make us some real grub and get a damn bath."

"Tch." Toki ducks back into the wagon as Airi steps out. She takes off her hat and fans herself with it. Shino and Hinata emerge from the other side. He starts snooping around for bugs, as I expected. Hinata...she looks better, and rested. But she's also been nearly silent aside from replying to orders, and has been distancing herself from everyone else.

It's probably nerves because of the mission, but...I still worry. I want to reach out to her. It's just...if I approach this the wrong way, I'm going to hurt her. And I can't stand the thought of making my precious friend hurt. What can I do...? Hm.

"..."

I need more understanding. The event that almost made me boil over...nearly a week ago now. There are things going on around Hinata that I'm not privy to. I can change that. I know who to talk to. Kurenai has gone to the hot spring, so this is an opportunity to chat privately.

And...there are other bonuses to consider. I suppose.

"I'm following sensei to the hot spring," I announce. "Hinata, you should come over too when you're ready."

"I'll...think about it. Thank you, Lili..."

I nod and leave it at that, then walk through the small section of bush towards the naturally formed pool on the other side. Provides for a small bit of privacy, which is nice. Kurenai is undoing her wrappings as I arrive.

"You too, eh? Well, company is nice." She hums to herself.

"..."

"...Lili? Oi. What's with that look..."

"Nothing. Continue," I say with a gesture. "We're both girls here, aren't we?"

"Yeah, and?"

"Well, I'm sort of interested to see what you look like."

She frowns. "Bit much, isn't it?"

"Not really. I take baths with Luna and Midori-nee all the time. I know what a naked woman looks like."

"This is a bit different, I think."

"I wouldn't say so. Skinship like this is a good way to bond, sensei." I shake my head and start to pull off my shirt. "I'll occupy myself if you're so shy. Just make sure you keep your eyes away on your side."

"I wonder what you're implying, missy."

"Nothing terrible, sensei."

"Yes, I'm sure. If you could close your mouth for a moment, that'd be great."

"Rumours get around."

"They sure do."

I finish undressing and folding up my clothes, then slowly step into the pool before sinking down into it. Remarkably good temperature. Kurenai slowly steps in herself, and I get a good view of her. Not anything like Luna or Midori, obviously...but a well-honed body. I think it's impressive.

"Did you get to meet with Luna?" I ask.

"I did." She sighs as she settles in.

"What did you think?"

"She's a good woman, very devoted to you and observant as well. You know, I think she could become a kunoichi herself if she wanted to. She'd be really good. But from what she's said, she really enjoys being of service to you. Heh, there are a lot of guys who would kill for a woman like that. Well, life being what it is...a few have, unfortunately."

"I'm glad to hear that...but that wasn't what I was really asking about."

She blinks at me. "Huh?"

"Her body. You know? What did you think?"

"Oh, for...stop asking about lewd things, Lili." She closes her eyes and grumbles. "It's not nice to bully people."

"Hm. Well, I tease Hinata all the time, and she doesn't mind."

"She doesn't mind much when it comes to you," Kurenai shoots back.

"Shino's not much fun."

"He's got an annoying way of speaking, I know that much. But he's a good kid." She narrows her eyes at me. "And you are too, when you're not busy being a pervert."

"Oh, come on. I told you flat out that I liked girls. There's no reason for me not to look at you."

"I'm into guys. Guys," she repeats. "Men, human males."

"I can appreciate the aesthetics of men, also. But I don't like them nearly as much as I do women. Besides, you look really good."

"..." Kurenai goes silent and sinks into the water a bit. "You're not just teasing me again, are you?"

"I am, but it's the truth. You really do look good. All that aside," I say with a smile, "spending time with you is always a pleasure, Kurenai."

"You really are a troublesome girl," she says as she shifts back to her original position. Finally, she smiles back at me. "But that's why I like you. Never a dull moment."

"Indeed."

"Hrm..." She has a conflicted expression. "Alright, this is going to sound weird..."

"Is it, now."

"Yes, because I'm asking these things of a twelve year old girl. When...did you kind of, you know...know?"

"It was...I saw two beautiful women kissing," I say to her, feeling warm at the memory. "And I really thought it was the most magnificent thing in the world. I thought it was something I wanted for myself, I suppose. And those feelings only grew and grew with each day. It wasn't just the kissing part, but...beyond that is hard to explain. I don't know if I really could. But it sparked something in me, and made me forget about everything else."

"That's enough, I think. I get it. Listen, I hope that wasn't..."

"It wasn't, Kurenai. I'm actually glad you asked. Thank you."

She laughs quietly. "The more I learn, the more I get attached to you, Lili. You just tell me if I ever go too far, alright?"

"I will, Kurenai. Thank you."

"And thank you, Lili."

This time of conversation is good. But...there's that question I need to ask. For Hinata's sake.

"Kurenai...I was wondering..."

"About Hinata," she finishes for me.

"Yes."

"She hasn't been doing too well. Not sleeping much, barely eating...I thought the mission structure would help get her into some sort of normal routine, so that's why I kept with it for her sake. She's improved, but not by much..."

"Please tell me what's happening. What was that message the other day?" I slowly move over to where Kurenai is, resting my arms on the edge of the pool.

"No touching," she says firmly.

I feign a sigh. "Fine. I won't this time."

"You're awful."

"I know."

She pauses for both of us before continuing. "The message I relayed the other day was the truth. Hinata...she's the eldest daughter of Hiashi Hyuuga, the current head of the Hyuuga Clan. She was always sort of shy and timid, but she would also attempt to be outgoing and friendly to people. A lot of people loved her. She was the pride and joy of the clan, and expected to be the next leader. Someone who could take the weight of Hyuuga prestige on her shoulders. But...her training didn't go well. You see how she is...she doesn't seem like someone suited to fighting, and it was the case long ago as well. But she forged ahead out of love for her family. She always did her best."

"..." Hinata...

"But it wasn't enough. Ever so slowly, she fell out of favour with her father, and the elders, and then the rest of the clan. All of them started to look down on her. She started to fall behind, day by day. Hiashi stopping caring about her progress, and all that did was make her tumble further and further. A vicious cycle that continued as he taught her less and less...and then he suddenly stopped teaching her. That was the same time that he started to groom Hanabi for succession. And at that point, she was no longer the clan heiress. Hanabi...she's seven right now, and about to enter the Academy when her basic training is deemed complete. She's his successor now. That's why he said he had no use for Hinata. She's...nobody to him. Just a useless child."

"..."

"Lili?"

It's taking a lot...to hold back these tears. "I'm...fine. It's just that...that feeling of just being reduced to a pawn..."

"What do you mean?"

"Kurenai...if I were a boy, I wouldn't be here with you right now. I would be at the mansion, or with my father on business trips across the land. He wanted a boy. Not a girl with red hair. Not someone with such a cold feeling to them, and an odd smile that frightened others. He wanted a heir...not a heiress. And I realize now that...not once...did he truly care about me."

"Lili...no. You too?"

"Yes." I take a breath in to calm down. "I'm just a discard too. He's never said it out loud, never expressed it in front of me...but I know. I know in my heart that I am nothing to him. My...father. Hinata and I are reflections of each other, I know that for sure now. But she was so pure, so vulnerable...she should have been cherished and protected the first time she fell. She's spent her entire life being beaten down and torn apart, through no fault of her own. But I...I who became cursed and lonely, I was able to sharpen myself. I pulled my strength inward and survived. I found myself drawn to Midori-nee, and she made me into a beautiful weapon with her love. My stepmother acknowledges me as a warrior princess, and gives me strength with her prayers. And Luna, she devotes herself to me out of love."

"Lili..."

"Midori-nee...told me this. That what I have to do is pour my love into her, just as it was done for me. It's going to be difficult. She's scared that she will break into pieces, and...even as much as I want to believe, I'm scared too..."

"But you don't want to see her like that anymore," Kurenai says.

"Yes. I can see it inside of her. I can see strength...the heart of a lioness. I want to draw it out of her, but only she can let it happen. I can't do it all. It has to be her."

"That's why you worry about her so much...I see now. A reflection of the pain you've experienced your whole life," Kurenai says sadly. She looks at me with resolve a moment later. "Lili. We'll help her for sure. She's already come such a long way, but it's these critical points that test a person. Many people run into walls and just...give up because they seem too high to climb. I want to say that it won't be the case, but...I've seen a lot of people who seemed to have it all together just crumble in the face of a challenge. There's no way to tell what will happen in the end."

"..." I ponder Kurenai's words.

"Lili, I think...you can reach her."

"I want to believe it. I want to believe that I can, because...she doesn't deserve to wander in darkness. Not like I did for so long."

"Then believe. And follow through. You'll have my support...after all, we girls need to stick together, yeah?"

I smile. "You're right. Sticking together...like this, maybe~?" With a turn, I move ahead and hug Kurenai tightly.

"Ah? Hey, what'd I say earlier?"

"Soft, too...I like it."

"You...geez. You're too much." I feel her hug me back. "Thanks..."

"For what?" I ask.

"Nothing...just for choosing to trust me, I guess. I'm happy that you can do that, after this amount of time. It's...it makes me feel good. That's all."

"..." I look up at her and tilt my head to one side.

"What?"

"Tsundere?" I ask innocently. She blushes and turns her head away, but still strokes my hair gently.

"You need to stop saying weird things...you dummy."


Chapter 20
 

Scarlet Justice - ep. 20"Awakening"

"I'm telling you guys. We need to get back to the society we had way back when, where men had more respect for women and themselves."

Zen has cooked steak and vegetables for us, while Airi finishes baked treats for dessert. It's the first good meal in a while, and it's delicious. It seems I was right about Zen, he knows how to handle himself no matter the situation.

"What the hell, old man. This bullshit again?" Toki says.

"Yes, again. Women shouldn't be restricted to the kitchen, and men shouldn't just go out to hunt and gather all day, then trudge home and help themselves to their wives' bodies whenever they please. It's damn gross and erodes family values."

"You think so, huh. What's your ideal, then?" Kurenai asks him.

"Has to be a partnership. Not every woman is going to cook well, but she might be good at just baking things, for example. She might have a knack for home maintenance. Things like that. Figure out how to support her best. As for us men, we need to be well-rounded." He points his chopsticks at Toki. "Jokers like this are too plentiful, and a lot of bright young women have had their lives ruined as a result."

"Sorry that not everyone wants to become a housewife like you," Toki says with a smirk. "You're just mad that I pull tail like no tomorrow."

"I'm mad that you can't even take care of yourself. You're a child in a man's body. No woman should be forced to babysit guys like you, and then get themselves trapped by the little mindgames you play. It's sad." Zen shakes his head. "Men have to have a solid foundation, not only for their own survival, but that of their wives and families."

"What do you make of relationships between the same sex?" Shino asks. Jumping right into it, huh.

"Who cares about what those fa-"

"Toki. Please."

Everyone turns their head to look at Airi, who for the first time speaks. There's a stern, disapproving look on her face. Even with her attitude, it seems she can stand up to Toki's antics. She also seems very calm around Zen, where I would expect a person like that to feel under constant pressure from his intense energy at times. I do wonder...

"Thanks, Airi. Talking about gay people, then? Men?" Zen asks Shino.

"Perhaps women in this case." This guy. Seriously.

Zen shrugs. "I can't lie and say I know exactly how the roles work for lesbians, but it's the same sort of thing. Live well, gain knowledge, and make sure you can be independent. These days, though, a man's romance isn't strictly for men." He crosses his arms in thought. "There are quite a few older ladies I know that just aren't out in public. You know how people get when it comes to girls loving girls. Guys, they'll let slide a bit...heaven knows why, but they do. Girls, they're the life-bringers, so it's taken a lot more seriously. I don't pretend to understand it."

"Do...you think it's wrong?" Kurenai asks cautiously.

"Nope. Love who you want to. I'm honestly too old to put up a fuss, maybe a younger me would have cared slightly more. And I know too much as it is. Historical research brings a lot of things to light, if you know what I mean."

"I think I do."

We finish a delicious meal in peace, and I help Airi clean up. She still looks very boyish because of her precautions, but I'm fully aware of her womanhood now.

"Shino is...very lucky to have you," she says quietly as we finish rinsing our items.

"Is he..."

"Yes. Some boys aren't...very tactful." Her smile tells me all I need to know.

"So you saw that much from here, then."

"Your aura is hard to miss. Promise you won't steal my heart away before the end of this mission," she jokes.

I laugh gently. "Very well. I'll spare you this time, Airi. Do you have a man you're returning to?"

"I do. I think he's...ready to take my hand, very soon."

"Good luck, then. I hope you both have a happy union."

"Thank you, Lili."

It's getting late, so we decide to set up camp. The morning will be a good time to continue our journey properly. Everyone gets to bed, with Team Eight doing rotating watch. Shino wakes me, and I slip out of my sleeping bag to replace him. I can see the stars in the night sky, bright and shining.

I wonder what the new day will bring. Hopefully nothing but good things and high spirits. Better fortunes and stronger bonds. I long for that much at this moment.

The cool desert winds refresh me every so often, as I sit still on a rock near the camp. It's a few hours before I hear distinct footsteps and recognize her scent from far away.

"Time to switch," Kurenai says as she reaches me. "I'm going to be taking care of Hinata's part, too. She's exhausted right now..."

"I see. Thank you, Kurenai."

She nods and I head back, getting into my sleeping bag again and curling up. My head is turned towards Hinata...she has a pained expression on her face as she sleeps.

"..."

I curse my helplessness once more. But...there's nothing that I can do. Not yet.

"Just a few more hours and this shitty trip is over."

I sigh as Toki starts to complain yet again from inside of the wagon. Mid-morning in the desert, on the last leg of our journey. This brat is supremely irritating...I haven't been able to get any sleep or rest because of him, and now he's just spouting all kinds of nonsense. He should count his lucky stars that he's a listed client for the mission.

"Toki...there's no need to be rude," Airi scolds in her quiet tone.

"Shut the fuck up. You've only got one job here, and it's not to lecture me."

I start to open my mouth so I can put him in his place, but then I feel the wagon come to a stop suddenly. Zen is talking to someone outside...I can't make out who. Kurenai and Hinata are outside with him, so it should be okay. I nod to Shino and start to position myself near the door-

"The fuck is going on, old man?" Toki whines.

"There are more people inside!" a voice yells.

"You dumbass!" Zen shouts back.

I hurry outside, with Shino and the others following. There is definitely a problem, and...yes, here we are.

Bandits.

Lots of them.

"Shit," Zen mutters. "Alright, get yourselves ready! Airi, gonna need you at your station!"

"Yes..." She pulls out a scroll and gets ready to open it. From the looks of it...it's a standard barrier scroll. Good enough to withstand some attacks while the users remain in place. Zen draws a sword from his side as he drops to the ground, and Toki has come out with his own blade.

"We'll be able to withstand some attacks with that barrier in place. Pick these assholes off one by one, like we have in the past. Nothing to it."

"No."

Zen looks at Kurenai. "What? What's wrong?"

"These aren't normal bandits. Their stances, those odd tools on them...they're trained."

"That's...you serious?"

"Very. They're either former shinobi, academy dropouts, or they've been trained by a shinobi themselves. And the numbers...I can pick out forty of them at the least. A bunch of them are definitely lying in wait to overwhelm us."

"We can't deal with that many," Zen says. "If they're trained, and there are only, what...seven of us? With only the four of you well trained..."

"Can that barrier cover the whole wagon?" she asks.

"Yeah, without a doubt."

"Okay. The three of you need to huddle inside of the wagon and put the barrier up. We'll do our best to handle things out here."

"Shit...alright, let's go. Airi, Toki! With me!" Zen yells.

"You're not seriously gonna listen to this-"

"Toki! We're going! Airi, go on and set the barrier up!"

"Yes...!"

"Fuck that! I'm taking these losers on even if I have to do it myself! They're just bandits!"

"Toki! Dammit!" Zen tries to pull the younger man away, but he's pushed off roughly. Clicking his teeth, he runs towards the wagon alone, where a light green barrier forms a dome around the wagon and restless horses. The rest of us take position ahead, with Toki brandishing his sword dramatically.

"You're just making yourself a liability," Shino says to Toki.

"Fuck yourself, freak." He flexes a bicep and grunts. "I'm more than enough to take on some punk bandits. Just stay out of my way."

"Team, cover your angles. Keep them away from the cargo as much as possible. Hopefully they don't have much in the way of long range attacks...they seem more suited for close range. Stay defensive for now until we can gather more information."

The four of us back into a circular formation around the wagon, trying to cover each of the major directions as the bandits start to creep closer. I realize Kurenai is dead on; these people aren't moving like normal bandits would. It seems to be only marginally, but they have some sort of training, and a basic understanding of tactics. No clear leader, either...I taste the air and confirm the numbers. Exactly forty of them, and only five of us out here.

But we can do this if we play our cards smartly.

"Hey! Don't!"

Kurenai's yell comes too late. I turn my head to see Toki advancing at the same time a bandit does. He slashes at his enemy's side, seemingly taking him out of the picture.

"Take that, bitch! You're nothing!" he gloats.

But he's wide open! Idiot! "Toki!" I yell.

Hinata is closest and leaves her position to save him, deflecting the other bandit's blade with her kunai. But her stance is weak, and she immediately loses her balance. The bandit strikes again and he just barely misses, his blade cutting into the top of Hinata's shoulder.

She loses it. I watch with despair as she screams and hits the ground, extremely slow to move.

"Forgot about me already, huh?!" Toki jumps in, only to be elbowed solidly in the gut. He crumples over and falls backwards as I rush in, determined to save Hinata. Two of them at the same time, no good!

"Assist!"

Shuriken rain down as covering fire, driving the bandits back as I launch smoke bombs at them simultaneously. They drop back and I drag Hinata and Toki to cover behind a large rock. More smoke and a few explosive tags to throw up more debris.

"Sensei! Shino! I need time for first aid!"

"I've got it!" Kurenai calls back. "I can buy you five minutes! Shino, with me! Full protection!"

I toss out another smoke bomb and then decide that it will have to do for now. There's no more time. Hinata is shaking and sobbing uncontrollably, and Toki is folded up like a wet rag. Serves the homophobe right, though I don't want him to die here. Even he doesn't deserve that much. He's unconscious, but fine.

I slip Hinata's arms out of her jacket and can see blood leaking from the wound on her left shoulder. I roll up my sleeves and then reach into her pouch for the medical supplies she always has on her, like the thoughtful person she always is.

"L-Lili...I'm sorry...I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she cries out. "I'm so sorry! I'm so weak, so worthless...it hurts so much, I can't even...please! It hurts! I'm so scared!"

"Hinata, be calm...I'm right here." I disinfect her wound and she screams out in pain...it's making me tremble with agony, watching her like this. She's breaking down. She's falling apart right in front of me. The screaming shifts into painful sobs.

"I...I can't go on," she chokes out. "I can't d-do it...I'm so tired! He was right about me...all along, he knew I wasn't good enough!"

It hurts.

"Not as a leader, not as a fighter...!"

I want to cry. I want to burst into tears hearing this, but I have to dress this wound.

"Not as a woman! I'm nothing! I don't have anything left!"

"..." I finish with the bandage as she starts to hyperventilate. Her eyes stare into mine, and I can see nothing but despair. She loathes herself. She hates herself and everything she is. She sees nothing. No future, not a life after this moment.

"I quit...I'm a quitter," she whispers. "I'm sorry...for being a weight around your neck."

"Hinata..."

"Lili...I'm...nothing. Let me...bleed."

I can't look at this any longer.

"Just...let me disappear. Please," she pleads. "Please..."

There are words caught in my throat. A pain too deep for words.

I shove aside that pain, and force those words upwards. I won't allow this. I won't run away. I promised. I promised! I promised!

I'm going to save her!

"Hinata."

"I know it...I know you-"

"No," I interrupt. The noises of battle are so faint, somehow. As if we're standing in a box, shielded from the world itself. This is what I need...for it just to be us. "I want you to know the truth. I want you to know the reality of everything."

"The...truth?"

"Yes. The truth is that I love you, Hinata."

"Huh...?" Her mouth flaps open, but with no sound.

"I love you, with all of my heart," I repeat calmly. I am no longer trembling and hurting. I have to believe in the love that I will give her, and I do. Right now, I believe in it more than anything. "I'll do anything for you. I'll fight for you. I'll struggle for you. I'll die for you. But I want you to know that no matter what happens, no matter what you become, no matter what path you choose...I will always be by your side."

"Love...me...? You love me? Lili?" And in the struggle she has with herself, I can see it...the faintest of lights, shining in the distance. But it's a light. And it's there.

I will make it grow.

"Yes. I love you," I repeat again. I will say it as many times as it takes. "I always will. I see myself in you...someone who worked so very hard to please her father. Someone who devoted herself, body and soul, to the first and most important man in her life. Someone who was thrown away because she wasn't good enough. Because she wasn't useful. Someone who walked through the darkness...scared to death, hurt beyond compare, and alone. You had nothing...you had no one."

She can see the reflection. "You...too?"

"Yes. Me too," I say with tears in my eyes. "Your pain touches my heart, Hinata. I've been where you are right now. I know you have a wonderful, beautiful soul. I know that you're a kind person, so determined to do the right thing. I know that you want to be strong. But you have to find your strength. You...have to stand up. Hinata, there's only so much...that I can do."

"Lili...why me?" she asks, shaking. "Why choose me?"

"Because you were the one I wanted. There was nobody else to choose," I say, feeling an echo. I remember my sister's warm smile, the way she looked at me that day among the flowers. "I see a kindness in you that nobody else has. I see a blessed strength that only you can use to brighten the world. I was lost, just like you. But someone so precious to me came and poured love into me. They filled me with it, and made me whole. I'm here because of that. I'm not just a discarded tool anymore. I'm someone special...I'm able to become my own woman."

She shakes her head. "I c-can't...Lili, I can't...I don't have..."

I place my hands on her cheeks. I...can see it. I can reach just a bit more. I have to, because I love Hinata. I have to save her. I can't give up.

"There's going to be fear...and pain...and times where you feel tired and lost, and that you can't go on. But I promise you on everything that I am...that I'll be here for you. Because you're precious, you're irreplacable, you...give me happiness. I'll be here for you, because I love you."

The explosions and sounds of weapons are getting louder.

She's trying desperately to fight.

But I can see the memories of the past are pulling at her, holding her back. The words, the actions of her father. The sleepless nights. The days filled with loathing and tears.

Please. Stand up. Please, Hinata. Stand up. You can do it.

Please, don't give up. Don't disappear. Because if I lost you...

...

I can't do anything else from where I am. I can only look into the slowly dimming light in her eyes, and shed tears.

"I'm scared. I...don't know what to do," she whispers.

"..."

"The...only thing I do know...is...is that..."

She places her hands over mine. And suddenly, the dimming light explodes outwards, bright and pure and true. I can feel my tears dry and my heart skip a beat as I look at Hinata, her eyes brighter and clearer than I have ever seen before. She is so very weary...and yet, so very beautiful right now.

"I love you, Lili."

And her voice is pure like crystal as she says those words. They sink into me, they fill me with a joy that I've only known only twice in my life.

From my mother. And from my Midori.

"Help me find my way, Lili. I want to be a woman...my own woman. Not for Hyuuga."

We slowly rise to our feet. Together.

"Not for my father. Not for anyone else. Only for him...the one I gave my heart to so long ago...and for you. My precious sister."

"Hinata..."

"I want to be a worthy vessel," she says with determination. "A...vessel to carry it all. Love and courage...and the Will of Fire itself. I want to find my strength."

"I made a promise. I swear, I will help you find your way. All you ever have to do is follow me," I say.

"I understand...yes, I understand. Because you gave me another chance...you placed this light into my soul, and poured love and compassion and caring onto it until it grew and blossomed into this. I will love you forever...because you loved me when I had nothing left, and asked for nothing in return."

I want to hug her. I want to tell her how beautiful she is, I want to nurture the light and strength growing inside of her. I want to hold her in my arms and soothe her soul.

But there's no time. The sounds of battle come in, full force.

"Lili! I can't give you any more time, I'm sorry!"

Kurenai.

I look at Hinata. She nods and draws a kunai, wincing in pain but moving forward with me.

"Sensei! We're back in!" I yell.

"Thank goodness! Shino, formation shift! Get ready to cover the girls!" Kurenai calls back. "Hinata, report!"

"Injury to left shoulder! Still combat capable, sensei!"

"Good girl! Let's bring this show to a close once we meet up!"

"Dammit...Toki," I mutter. Blasted moron.

"...I'll carry him. My combat strength is down, but I should be able to do this much." Hinata doubles back and hoists Toki over her good shoulder, forcing her to carry her kunai in her left hand.

"Keep close," I say. The smoke and dust is thinning. I can tell the bandits are after the cargo and don't want to suffer losses. They're attempting to wear us down...but it feels far too suspicious that way.

"Understood."

We take off, only to see bandits flying around and looking for weaknesses.

"Shoot...!"

Behind. There's one coming, aiming for Hinata. I turn and move. I accelerate.

I think of everything that has happened so far, everything that has driven me forward. I think about the rage I felt so often. I let it rush through me and I can feel power pour in. No bandit can stop me, and I'm upon him before he can react.

With a strong thrust, I drive my kunai into his chest. Blood shoots out and covers my right arm, and it splashes onto my face. It's warm. I swiftly turn and rip out my kunai, then kick his body away and into the dirt. He rolls to a stop.

He's lying there, lifeless. Dead.

I can feel the blood all over my arm and sliding down my face. My heart is racing. That was the first time I killed someone. I killed a man. A human being.

I'm...supposed to feel...?

I look down at my blood-soaked fingers. I lift them to my face. I...can smell the blood. It's not...it's not unusual. I realize what I want to do before I do it, and so my body takes over. I bring my hand close to my mouth, and reach out with my tongue. I lick the blood and taste it.

It's all wrong from what I'm supposed to know.

It's a delicious taste.

Everything starts becoming clearer, somehow. This...feeling. This want. The rumbling inside of me that wants to go away, but that didn't come about because of the blood on my tongue. No...I know exactly what this is.

"Hinata."

"Yes."

I turn to face her. She doesn't flinch. "I'm a natural born killer. Do I frighten you? Are you ashamed of me?"

"I am...frightened. There's a terrifying strength that...I can see. Your eyes are glowing. But...you will never shame me. You're Lili. You always will be to me."

Entirely too precious. I don't deserve her. I don't deserve much, monster that I've become.

I killed someone, and I enjoyed it.

Or...perhaps this is just the dissonance in this world. Killing is supposed to be wrong. Killing is supposed to be a last resort. But what about the predators, whose function it is to hunt the prey of this world?

Is it wrong to want to kill? I don't know. I don't care about...the judgements of humans right now. But this is a thrilling feeling. It's not about being a hero, or reaching out towards justice. I didn't hurt. I didn't feel sick. And I didn't feel the emptiness that I expected.

No. I like it. No, more than that. I love it.

"If you truly feel that way, then...don't close your eyes. I'm going to slaughter all of this prey, and I'm going to take great pleasure in doing so."

"I understand."

My senses are sharper. I can feel all of the bodies through the air, the movements and sensations they cause. I activate my tracking technique and the pictures are crystal clear.

Hungry. Feels like it. I need to devour them, this prey that would dare to put my comrades in danger. But I can't lie to the world and play the part of an avenger.

I take a step forward before accelerating through the sand, towards an unsuspecting enemy with his back turned. I curl my arm around his throat and then pull back with my kunai, slicing his throat open. My body moves before the corpse can even hit the ground, shooting towards another victim; I ram my kunai into his throat and then slash outwards, blood spraying everywhere. His comrade nearby is blinded; I jump at him and plunge my bloodied kunai into his skull, slamming him into the ground.

I lick my lips. "Four down, then." A troublesome situation, thinking about it. Brutality and violence, at the flick of a switch. This murderous impulse is moving calmly...I can see and feel everything as I am. The strain, like that of anger held in tight, is not present. I feel...natural. Proper. The movement of the bandits brings more thoughts into my head, and I draw a second kunai to join the first.

An end...as my sensei wanted, I will deliver it.

"Sensei. Shino. Draw them in closer," I call out. Hinata has escaped behind me and towards the wagon, still carrying and protecting Toki.

"Kobayashi?" Shino asks, unnerved.

"Do that much for me. I'm going to devour them quickly and put an end to this...their menace, and this rumbling inside of my spirit."

"Lili...you don't sound right." Kurenai lands beside me, and her eyes widen as she notes my appearance.

"I'm sorry, Kurenai. I've developed a taste for killing. This...this is what I'm after right now."

"I see. Shino...do as she says, we're falling back towards the wagon."

"Sensei-"

"Shino. That's an order. Please, just...let Lili take care of it."

"Understood."

With the core of their opposition withdrawing, the bandits decide to press. Their original strategy is abandoned...they mean to come at us with pure numbers since they think we're tiring. Trained, but only enough to use the most rudimentary tactics.

Feels like a corporate job.

It's almost no fun this way, but I don't mind at this point. I just want my fill.

Happiness, then. Yes...I'm happy with this. I smile. I dash forward, adrenaline pumping. I start my dance and rip through the first person that I see, cutting into them so severely that they'll die the moment I pass by. Blood sprays out and splashes onto me as I move and thrust and slice, feeling my legs carry me at high speed. I cut into and through and beyond. I duck and spin and stab, over and over. I can feel my heart racing. An excitement coursing through me. This supreme enjoyment of everything that humans would call a sin. But I love this. The battlefield is my place. My hunting ground.

This is where I will reign forever.

They don't retreat. I don't know if it's because they don't want to, or I simply don't give them the opportunity. I oppress them. I frighten them. I slaughter them. I find their vital points without fail, and I rip and tear until they fall to pieces in front of me, their lives swallowed up in the viciousness of my hunt.

I don't feel the need to reassure myself about what I'm here for. This is what it is.

At last, there is one left. On his knees before me, he is powerless. Already broken, from the look in his eyes. He waits for me. I can feel blood weighing down my clothing, wet and starting to get sticky in the desert heat. On my hair, my face...splattered all over my armband with the Leaf symbol on it.

This one in front of me...

"I don't want it."

It's enough. The hunger is gone, with the rumbling inside of me stopped. To consume more, like common trash...unnecessary.

I drop my kunai in front of him. "Sensei."

"Right." Kurenai puts him into a genjutsu and knocks him out. Shino binds his limbs, and the two carry him back towards the wagon. I take a deep breath in and feel myself relax, slowly. The impulse fades to nothing. The consuming heat in my head disappears. Adrenaline fades, and my heart calms.

I shift back from the violent snake I was a moment ago, and into a girl with calm indifference on her face, covered with blood.

It still has that sweet, alluring taste to it. I don't know yet how to feel about it, but it's not an urgent issue, I suppose. I might like spilling it more than tasting it, anyways...

The barrier comes down around the wagon. The children pulling it are restless at the sight of me, but slowly calm down with help from Hinata. Toki is rubbing his stomach as he wakes up, and Airi gasps at the sight of me as she exits the wagon. Zen looks horrified.

"Kid...what happened to you?" he asks.

"I overdid it. I suppose I went too far...bullying all of this prey," I say flatly as I gesture to the bodies lying around us. "Something like that. I just wanted to protect Hinata. She means a lot. But...it turned out like this. Hm." I smile. "They all had to die, because that other part of me woke up from her slumber. I devoured them. And I would do it all over again, because I really liked it."

"...damn."

"My blood boils up sometimes," I say as I curl my fingers on one hand. "And so I have to respond to challenges like this. But it's enough. I can feel the points where it needs to stop, and so I stop. Far from a regular thing, off the battlefield anyways. I want to live a vaguely human life, at the end of the day."

"Thank heaven for small mercies," Zen says with a sigh. "But...we're alive. So I can't say anything else but thank you."

"Of course. More than just being our clients...you deserve to move ahead in your life. To dip my feet into darkness for the sake of innocents is a small thing, yes?"

He smirks nervously. "You sound like an old woman. How much darkness have you seen in your lifetime?"

I look to the sky, and smile sadly.

"You would cry if I told you just how much."

"...I see."

"Got something out of our prisoner here. Fuukudou Heavy Corporation. Does that bring anything to mind?" Kurenai asks Zen.

"Fuukudou Heavy...well, we were in the same town the other day, but we made sure to steer clear of them. So they couldn't have known about-"

"A-actually..."

We all turn to Toki, who is rubbing his head with a sheepish grin.

"I might have let it slip during a night out with some broads. You know how it is, right?"

Zen stares at him a moment before suddenly bursting into laughter.

"Is that all? I see, I see. Okay!"

"Really? Is it, old man?"

"Yeah! I'll just dock your pay for the next year, and use some of the dough to pay our shinobi friends extra for their services! Sounds like a win to me!"

"Haaaaaaaaaah?! You can't fuckin' do that!"

"Hahahaha! Sure I can! It's the least you can do, after almost getting us all killed!" Zen shoots back with a smile.

Things have ended on a good note. Everyone is safe and sound. The mission will go on as scheduled. I...will need to talk to Midori about this murderous pulse at some point.

I think with her help, I can get something out of this...aside from pleasure and bloodlust.


Chapter 21
Scarlet Justice - ep. 21"Return"

The delay and general expenditure of energies calls for another stop in the desert. There's shade to hide behind, but no oasis this time unfortunately. Some digging and the use of Water Release allows me to create a shallow pool to wash off in, which is good enough for what I need. It's cold and reminds me of the first time I took a shower in the apartment.

The water is tinted red as I wash.

So this is it, then. Everything solidifying for me at once. I'm a natural born killer. Someone who enjoys spilling blood and ripping through bodies. I enjoy the heat of battle, and the pain and suffering of my enemies.

And killing is still...something I do. Rather than something I am. A function that I am skilled at, rather than the core of my being. No, that's something else more complex that I will discover soon. From there, I will continue to grow. I still worry about my body and want to get back home so I can properly drink my fortified milk, like all healthy and growing girls should.

But then...well, I can't lie to myself. I'm looking forward to the next battle, whenever it might be. Craving the opportunity for more carnage. With a sigh, I take my bloodied clothing and start to lightly wash it. Luna will have to take care of the rest, but I don't like giving her more work than necessary.

I return to camp proper and Kurenai informs me that she's done more investigation. First, the wave of bandits we saw was the only wave and there will be no reinforcements coming. But that only makes sense, forty fighters should be enough to overwhelm most security forces. The second was there were indeed forty bandits present, as I confirmed with my technique.

I killed exactly thirty nine of them.

She doesn't know whether to be impressed or horrified. Hinata for her part doesn't dwell on the details, and Shino is clearly envious of my performance but tries to hide it as he goes about his business. Strange boy. I gather an offering for the two children that I scared a few hours before, slicing apples apart and making sure there are no seeds present.

"I'm sorry for scaring you earlier. I wasn't exactly myself."

They accept my apology and enjoy the apple slices, allowing me to stroke their heads and rub gently behind their ears.

"Thank you. You've done well today, so be proud of yourselves. You were very brave."

Dinner is quick tonight, cooked mainly from cans. We all take our time relaxing as night begins to fall. Kurenai is reading and Shino is again observing the local insects. Zen and Airi are checking the cargo together and discussing security measures for home. Toki snores away in his sleeping bag, which is a mercy in itself after what he's caused. Hinata sits on the ground, hugging her knees. She seems to be in thought.

There are things I want to talk about, but for now...I think I will leave her alone. She needs her space too. There's another important person I need to talk to first. "Kurenai. I'm heading out for a bit...I need some space to think about things."

"Alright. Area should be clear and we're looking out. Don't wander too far, though."

"I won't. See you in a bit."

I walk out into the desert until I feel like I'm a good enough distance away, standing in the shadow of a sand dune. The dusk light makes the desert look beautiful.

"I managed to do it," I say into the air.

"I see. Well done, my love."

I turn to see Midori, lying on her side in the sand and waving a fan near her face. She wears a red yukata today, paired with black tights and sandals. As always, a hazard to men and women alike.

"Thank you," I say to her. "It will take some time to fully realize, but...there's a light in her eyes now that wasn't there before. It makes me feel very warm, and very happy."

"Lili, I want you to know how proud I am of you. At your age, and with everything that you've gone through so far...to do all of that for someone else is truly amazing. You're growing up splendidly, more than I could have hoped."

"Midori-nee...aside from that, there's...something else."

"I can guess what it is," she says. "It's 'that' side, isn't it?"

"Yes." I pause a moment, gathering myself. "It's not right to enjoy killing...is it?" I ask. There is an answer already within myself, but I want to see exactly how it might match up with everything else.

Midori is silent for a while before shrugging, waving cool air over her face with her fan. "Who's to say, really? I wouldn't count on the judgements of humans. You must have thought the same."

"I did."

"Well, I'm the same as you. Every so often, I feel like playing with my food before devouring it."

"So..."

"Yes. I think taking lives in battle is a sublime experience. Does that make you ashamed?"

"Of course not. I wouldn't think something like that. It's just...there's a bit of conflict, with this world at least."

"Mm-hm. I can understand, barely. Part of the reason I chose you is because you have a predator's instinct. Human beings are animals too, even if they think otherwise due to walking on two legs and eating with forks and spoons." She turns up her nose dismissively. "Amusing, that. Declaring themselves to be the peak of civilization."

"What would be the next step?" I ask.

"Accepting this new part of you, of course. Accept that you enjoy the feeling of killing, and the feel of blood on your skin. And then, you will not be consumed by it. The more you hold it in and force it back, the more your mind corrodes as a result. Balance yourself in all things, especially this."

"I see." It's that simple? Well...actually, I do remember the feeling during the last battle. Letting the murderous impulse flow through me was easier than trying to push it behind a wall. And as a result, I could control my every movement. I could see the endpoint, and understand what it was I wanted.

"And of course...there's a way to make proper use of that bloodlusted state. A bit of an advanced technique, but I'll teach you later on. Alright?"

"Thank you."

She smiles at me. "Any time, my love. Do not worry...I will accept every part of you, no matter what the world might think. And I know that Hinata will too, now that you've forged such a wonderful bond."

My worries about this are melting away to nothing. Midori is right, as she always is...this problem isn't one any longer, now that I understand what it is I'm looking at. Feeding that side of me properly when conditions are met is the key. And with this sort of control, I can negotiate as needed. My thoughts and feelings remain intact while in that state...no corruption to worry about. But I am very, very interested in seeing what more I can gain while satisfying my urges...

"You're not dwelling on that anymore, at least. Good. Is there anything else, Lili?"

"Nothing right now. When you see Luna again...please tell her about the recent incident. We can talk more once I get home, and she's fully processed it."

"I'll tell her. Make sure that you complete the rest of your mission safely, yes?" She rises to her feet and beckons me closer. I follow her command and she pulls me into one of her beautiful and warm hugs, stroking my hair gently as I close my eyes. "Lili...remember that I love you. I always will."

"I love you too."

I feel her warmth disappear, and as I open my eyes I am alone again in the desert. I let out a breath, feeling much better than before. The walk back is short, and I arrive at camp to see everyone getting ready for bed.

"Smoking is bad," I say to Toki. He shrugs and tosses his cigarette away, holding his hands up.

"Right, sure. Just don't cut me open and eat my liver, psycho. I'll behave."

There's no point in even bullying this trash. I let the comment slide away. "Surely. Thank you for your cooperation," I say tonelessly. I pass by him and find Hinata, who is preparing her sleeping bag.

"Spare a moment?" I ask.

"Take as many as you need," she replies, turning to give me a smile. "Kurenai-sensei wouldn't let me make up for all the time I missed on watch..."

"There's no need to split things like that, and none of us minded it. You weren't well, so...don't worry about it. Really."

"I'll try, but you know how I am...um, did you want to talk about anything in particular, Lili?" she says as she finishes with her sleeping bag.

"Nothing. I just...wanted to see you. A lot has happened in a short time, and you've grown beautifully. So I think it only makes sense."

"I see. I think...I have changed, a whole lot in these hours. And I won't be done changing for a while. It...feels good."

I nod. "I'm glad you're okay, Hina. I was worried that I wouldn't be able to do anything but watch...and, well..."

She opens her mouth to speak but then pauses, blushing. I...didn't say anything lewd this time, did I?

"Lili...say that again, please."

I blink. "Again? That I was worried about you?"

"'I'm glad you're okay'...and you called me..."

"I said that I was glad you were okay and...oh." I feel myself blushing too, now. "I-I'm sorry. I just shortened your name all of a sudden. I sometimes think like that, and...yeah."

"It's alright. Can...you say it again?"

"I can, Hina." Wow. It...feels so natural now.

"I...I've never been close to anyone like this before, s-so...this is an experience I've never had. People who are close to each other will shorten each others' names, I remember. And it's short and cute, like your name is, Lili." She giggles softly. "Even the same amount of letters..."

"Yeah."

"Um...can you...call me that from now on? I mean...as often as you can..." She presses her fingers together nervously. "I'd...r-really like it if you did, Lili."

I nod. "Of course I can. Anything you like, Hina."

She smiles and hugs me tightly. I hug her back in just the same way, and we stand together silently, absorbing each other's warmth. I feel such happiness just being here with her, sharing little things like this and not letting anything or anyone bother us. It's the same feeling I get with Midori...and this must be the joy that she feels every moment that she spends with me. It's amazing.

Hina pats me on the shoulders. "I have first watch tonight. You should rest, Lili. You've done a lifetime's worth of work in one afternoon..."

"I will. Thank you."

"Good night, Lili."

"Good night, Hina."

She pecks me on the cheek and runs off to her post. I head to my own area, arrange it, and then settle into my bag and close my eyes. Tonight will be the most peaceful in a while, at least for a few hours. I think I have second last watch...more than good enough.

"..."

The more I think about it, the better it feels.

Hinata...my Hina...my precious sister.

We are finally, truly in the last stretch now. Our journey has us nearing the shinobi village of Wind Country, the Hidden Sand Village. Compared to the Leaf's welcoming open gates, we have to pass through a tall, narrow corridor guarded on all sides by shinobi. Today, we will not be entering ourselves, instead handing off our clients safely before making our return.

It has been an indescribable journey.

My first mission, soon to be completed...

We stop, and Zen checks in with the guards. We identify ourselves as Leaf shinobi, and Kurenai reports the incident with the bandits.

"I see," the Sand shinobi says with a nod. "Any documentation?"

"Here," Kurenai says as she hands him a scroll.

"Thank you. We'll send a team to investigate, and to collect the bodies that are still there. And you said that you had the lone survivor here, correct?"

"Yes." Shino brings the bandit over, who has been fed and taken care of over the last day or two. Shinobi inspect the wagon and horses, and check over Zen, Airi, and Toki. They're given the all clear. Our work is finally done.

"This is where we part ways, then. We'll send a bird to your village with details once we've unloaded and put our feet up for a bit," Zen says. "It's been great working with you. Hell of a job, really."

"I feel the same, it's been a pleasure. Thank you for trusting us," Kurenai says. She and Zen shake hands. "Good luck with your business."

"Yeah, same to you. I was a bit worried at first, but you've got a good group of kids." He nods towards me, and I nod back with understanding. "We'll be making use of the Leaf again in the future, for sure."

"Thank you very much for your service," Airi says in her quiet manner. She bows and our group bows in return. "You have...a long journey head of you. Please be safe...and take this, as a small token of appreciation."

She hands me a basket, and I can already smell delicious baked goods inside.

"Thank you, Airi. Please take care."

"I will...thank you."

We all give our clients one last wave before leaving, with Kurenai leading us back across the desert.

The mission is officially a success.

Unbound by civilians, we speed across the land and back towards the Leaf, enjoying Airi's lovely treats along the way. It takes us two and a half days to get back to our home, the Hidden Leaf. Hinata's wound heals, we force our sensei to take some extra time to sleep instead of worrying, and there's a stop at a point of interest for Shino's sake.

That familiar entrance with gates reaching into the sky...at long last.

"We'll have to report in to complete our mission for real," Kurenai explains. "But you all did a good job, and I'm proud of you. Aside from those bandits, it wasn't too out of the ordinary for a C-Rank. But...well, it helped that we had a serial killer on our side," she says with a wry smile.

"That's kind of harsh," I say with a pout.

"I mean, it really seems like it. You even did the creepy smile again."

"Hm." I slowly shrug. "Well, expect to see more of it in the future."

She sighs. "I guess. Better that than you being a pervert..."

"Oh, no need to worry. I can do both," I point out.

"...you really are awful, you know that?"

"I don't mind...this new side of Lili," Hina says. "As long as we're together. And...and next time, I'll be stronger for everyone's sake. I didn't do well, and I'm sorry for that," she says, bowing apologetically as we walk.

"Rest and nutrition are key," Shino says. "As long as you have that, you'll be able to perform well on any mission. You have the ability to be great, Hinata."

"Shino...thank you."

"And I'll take my own advice on that end...because I have yet to show off my true power, too."

"Oh. You're still upset that I killed all of those bandits myself, then," I say.

Shino pushes up his glasses. "I didn't say anything like that."

"You don't need to," Kurenai says with a sigh. "It's obvious, you know. Let's head to the mission desk so we can finally wind down. You kids need to decompress, and I definitely want a drink or two..."

I take a glance at the road behind us briefly, and notice that there's another team coming in. Interesting that another group has come in at this time...hm. I flick my tongue at the air and note the scents. Some trashy women's perfume, and...noodles.

Oh. I know these people.

"So they were on a mission too," I mumble. A bit of curiosity comes on, and I stop walking. Everyone else follows suit, and looks back along the main road as well.

"Yo, Lili!"

Naruto calls to me as he comes into view. I acknowledge him with a wave, and slowly the rest of his team comes in behind him.

"Hoi, Kakashi. You look a bit worn out. Was that C-Rank too much for you?" Kurenai asks.

"Well..." The man with silver hair and his headband tilted over his left eye...Kakashi Hatake. He's known for his legendary skill, and I've heard of his brutal team qualifying methods. Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura...this seemingly incompatible team is actually his first group of genin. All of the others were failed and sent back to the Academy, or transferred to another instructor.

I wonder briefly at what could have been. Perhaps instead of Sakura, I would be standing between Naruto and Sasuke. But that might be a nightmare too much for any instructor to live with. Sakura seems elated to be within five feet of Sasuke...which means she hasn't changed a bit since graduation. It's pitiful.

"We...had to punch above our weight a bit this time. I'll tell you about it later after I've given my report." Kakashi says to Kurenai. He rubs the side of his head a bit. "Escorting the old man wasn't as simple as it was supposed to be."

"I see..."

"I know we're not supposed to talk too much about certain exploits," I say to Naruto, "but I'm quite curious about how things went. I'll treat you to ramen later, and you can tell me about it."

"Eh? Really?"

"Yes. Meet me at Ichiraku when you're done with everything."

He nods and gives me a thumb up. "Gotcha!"

"That's really nice of you, Lilith."

"..." I shift one eye to the side and look at Sakura. "Yes. I'm sure you would think so."

"I've actually gained a bit of admiration for Naruto after this mission...he was pretty cool in a few places, you know."

"Hm." For once, her words are sincere. But she's still obviously pining after Sasuke. I make a point of not looking in his direction. No need to ruin the rest of my day. "Kurenai-sensei, shall we leave?"

"Yeah, we might as well. I'll see you later, Kakashi."

"Take care. Oh, right...Lilith, isn't it? If you've got some time later this week, we should have a talk," Kakashi says to me. "It's nothing that serious, so I'm not making it mandatory."

"I'll keep it in mind, Kakashi-sensei."

"Good!" I can tell it's a genuine smile beneath the mask he wears. "Take care."

"Thank you." I give him a polite bow before following Kurenai and the others.


Chapter 22
Scarlet Justice - ep. 22"Interval"

We reach the assignment desk again. Debriefing is simple, taken care of by Kurenai. She makes mention of the bandit problem, and our performances during the encounter.

"Fuukudou Heavy," the Hokage says. He puffs on his pipe in thought. "They've been causing trouble for a while now. The Sand has been given notice already about them, so they'll send a scroll with information our way soon for investigation purposes. And I'll have someone in administration make mention of this to JPC..." He looks to me. "Ah, yes. Lili...we should meet later this week in my office. Whenever you have time, just let one of the secretaries know once you come in."

"Understood, Lord Hokage." Another higher-up looking to talk to me. I wonder what's happening all of a sudden...recent news couldn't have spread this quickly, so perhaps it's going back to my Academy days?

"There was also a bird with a message for you all, sent by the gentleman who made the mission request. He sends his thanks, and has increased the mission pay for your hard work. Aside from positive general comments...he's also invited you four to a wedding in a year's time."

"Wedding?" Kurenai asks. "Well, that's interesting. Guess he was ready to settle down from the start. Have to wonder who he's marrying..."

"His long time assistant...a woman by the name of Airi."

I had a feeling, but wasn't entirely sure...no wonder she was so comfortable around him. "Hm. So that Airi was a fox after all," I say.

"I didn't think that she and Zen would ever marry," Shino mumbles. Well, paying attention to bugs and not being able to read the mood would make this a shock to him.

"They make a cute pair," Hina chimes in. Of course, she would notice. "Will...we be going?"

"If we're in good health, we won't miss it. Ah, if that's okay, Lord Hokage," Kurenai says.

He chuckles at that. "I'll put it on reserve for you. A D-Rank mission, once the details arrive. Fair?"

"Fair," we all respond in unison. A wedding sounds beautiful. I can't wait.

We complete our debriefing, collect our payment through small scrolls, and are dismissed. Kurenai slips away to a bar as mentioned before, and Shino heads towards home. Hina gives me a warm hug before meeting up with the Hyuuga that's posted outside of the building. They travel back to the compound together.

"..." I think about it for a moment before leaving. She should be strong enough to withstand further abuse, now that I've helped her. Soon enough, she will break her chains completely. I know it to be true.

I head home and shower before getting into something casual. A blue sundress and some slippers will do. I make sure my clothing is put into the wash basket, and clean my armband properly by hand. Once it's dry, I put it back on my upper right arm, and strap a small weapon holster to my leg. It holds my money and the knife that Midori gave me, just in case.

"Miss Lilith! You're home!"

"Luna." I head to the front door as she closes it. She spots me and runs over, hugging me tightly.

"Oh, Miss Lilith. I'm so glad to see you again. You're safe. Lady Midoriko told me that you met in the desert."

"Luna...she must have told you, and I..."

She places a finger on my lips. "I know. She told me everything. What I worry about is...you two getting a little too into your hobby, enough so that I might have to scold you. Perhaps I can keep a spray bottle on hand for naughty snake girls. But...let me put your mind at ease. There's nothing that could make me think less of you. Not even this." She lifts her finger and smiles at me.

"Luna...you're really trying to settle it, just like that."

"You shouldn't have expected anything else. You are my everything, Miss Lilith. No matter what you might be, or become, I will be by your side. I will love you always. And I don't expect anything else but for you to grow into a magnificent warrior. My heart is cleared of any fear. And I have no hesitation within me. I will serve you until my very last breath, because that is what I want. I promise...and nothing you say or do can change that."

"Even if I..."

"Even down a path stained with blood...even down one that leads into an all-consuming darkness. I will follow you, Miss Lilith."

"I don't deserve you, Luna." I really don't. Nobody does. Someone so devoted has to be a treasure from heaven itself. I truly am spoiled, beyond compare. The way her eyes sparkle when she looks at me...it's too much. She's so beautiful, and so beautiful to me in so many ways.

"But you have me forever. Now, I'll take care of your things...please enjoy your time out, Miss Lilith. You more than deserve it."

"Thank you, Luna. I'll return to you soon."

She nods. "Of course. Until then, my mistress."

I hug her once more before leaving, feeling an extra bounce in my step. Without a second thought, she accepted me as well...all of me. I must be blessed to have these people in my life, who can watch me transform to a monster and back again, and love me to my core at the end of it all.

Ichiraku Ramen comes into view quickly. Naruto is waiting outside, his jacket open and headband in his hands. He looks at it for a moment with a solemn expression on his face, then ties it around his head again.

"Naruto," I say to him as I approach.

"Lili...oh, you look pretty nice. I should've dressed up, huh?"

"No, don't worry. You're fine as you are...I just wanted to wear something light for the rest of the day." He nods and I note that he's blushing again, much like the last time at the Academy. I really should let him down easily, if he's thinking along those lines...

"Well, let's get something to eat. I can-"

"No, it's my treat," I interrupt. "I insist."

"A-alright. You got it."

"Good." We enter the stall and take seats next to each other.

"Hey, Naruto. And Lilith, wasn't it?"

"Yes, but Lili is fine," I say to Teuchi. "I promised I would be back."

"Haha, you did! Glad to have you again!"

"Thank you. I'll have whatever Naruto orders, since it's my treat tonight. I think you'll be doing a lot of cooking."

"Just the way I like it," he says with a smile.

"Ah...my pardon, but do you have any milk?" I ask.

"Milk? I think so. Ayame, get some milk for Lili here," Teuchi calls to the back.

"Alright, coming up!"

Naruto orders the pork ramen and goes through the expected amount of bowls before slowing down some. I enjoy my own bowls at a somewhat slower pace. Ayame gets me the cool bottle of milk that I desired.

"Kakashi said you were punching above your weight," I say to Naruto. He slurps up his noodles and nods.

"Yeah. It was some drunk old man who wanted us to take him to Wave Country. Guarding him from goons and the like."

Drunk old man...so that was what the trash who mocked me earlier was there for.

"Turns out," Naruto says as he wipes his mouth, "he was too damn poor to afford the proper mission fee. B-Rank would have cost too much for him, so he lied about it being a simple escort. Apparently it should have been listed as B, or even A-Rank. Luckily we had Kakashi-sensei to figure things out, but we ran into even more trouble after we took out the first set of assassins...that old man, Tazuna, was the architect for a huge bridge that was supposed to connect Wave Country to the mainland and junk. And then..."

Naruto tells me a wild, if not very detailed story about the rest of the mission. There was the appearance of Zabuza Momochi, a former member of the Seven Swordsmen of the Mist. His apprentice, a boy named Haku who from what I can understand, possessed the rare bloodline limit of Ice Release. Kakashi was forced to use his secret weapon and claim to fame, the Sharingan, multiple times. It took a toll on him, which explained his exhausted look from a few hours earlier.

After some dramatics including a false death - Haku seemed to also be a skilled hunter shinobi, which explains that phenomenon - and a makeshift training session while Kakashi recovered from overuse of the Sharingan, everything comes to a head with a final battle on the bridge itself. Naruto and Sasuke fight Haku, and are beaten up badly. Sasuke has definitively awakened his Sharingan by now, having activated them once more in the midst of battle. Naruto recalls himself losing control and drawing on 'something' deep inside of him, which he doesn't fully understand. I can only guess it was the strength of the Nine-Tails...which means that whatever seal is holding it in place has weakened. I have to wonder how much Kakashi knows about that.

"Haku...died protecting Zabuza from Kakashi-sensei." Yes, that's right. Those two were fighting somewhere else, piecing everything together from the scattered retelling. "And Zabuza...even though he kept calling Haku a tool, he...he cried for that guy in the end. And then he killed that sleazy Gato, and a bunch of those other thugs before he couldn't do anymore. But...he got to be by Haku's side in the end. Like he wanted."

"..."

"Hey, Lili...I know this will sound weird, but..."

"But what?" I ask.

He smiles a melancholy smile. "I...liked those guys."

I think on that a moment, reflecting on my own experience. "That's not too weird. Even if they were shinobi, and your enemies...they were also human beings. No matter how much we try to kill our emotions, we can never succeed. We are people. We're all...just a different type of animal, really," I say, thinking about Midori's commentary.

"Ah...that's kinda deep..."

I shrug. "Maybe." A few moments pass by in silence as we continue eating.

"It was...a pretty rough experience to have," Naruto says after a while. "But I'm really glad I had it. It just makes my resolve a lot stronger, you know? I want to change the shinobi world one day. Don't know how I'm gonna do it, but I will. And maybe...maybe people like Zabuza and Haku don't have to be bad guys anymore. They can find their place with the rest of us."

"Is that what you want?" I ask.

"Yeah. A better world for everyone." He rubs his nose once. It's a noble goal. Very like him, I suppose...dreaming big and thinking of something beyond what we have now. I can understand that sort of thing, in my own way.

He finishes another bowl and I slide one of mine over that has only just started cooling. With a grateful nod, he goes to work on it a bit before stopping. "Oh, right! What about your mission?" he asks me.

"Nothing too bad. We just escorted a wagon across the desert."

I tell him about the few things that happened, most of them being episodes between Zen and Toki, dealing with the antics of the latter.

"Hehe! Sounds like a good time! Well, aside from the bandits...but you kicked all their asses, yeah?" he asks me.

"I..." I pause a moment. "I killed them all, save for one."

"H-holy crap..." He gulps. "You really are a super elite shinobi, then...no wonder Iruka-sensei talked about you like that."

"Yes...it's something like that. I'm a natural born killer." I turn my head and look into Naruto's eyes. "What do you think, Naruto...of me?" I ask quietly.

"..." He takes a moment before coughing, and blushing once more as he stares back at me. "You...you still look beautiful and all...I-I mean...uh, I mean you're not any different! I don't feel like you're bad or evil or anything..."

I give him a smile. "I'm glad you think that of me. But...you must understand by now, yes? I'm not into boys at all."

"Oh...yeah. But, well...um..."

"Well...?"

"You're...I mean, that doesn't change what I said, I think...you know?" he says as he rubs the back of his head.

"Hm. I suppose...that makes sense. Admiring beauty doesn't have to be a strictly romantic thing, after all." I close my eyes. "Even if I did want you...even if I could have you, it wouldn't be right. Somewhere out there, perhaps...right beneath your nose...someone is waiting for you, Naruto."

"Ah...yeah. That might be it."

"In the meantime...well, I don't mean to tease," I say to him. "But you can dream of me all you like."

His face turns bright red, and he goes straight back to eating to distract himself.

"Eh?" Teuchi has a confused look on his face. "I guess I put too much spice in the pork ramen that time, that's not like me...Naruto's really burning up over there..."

I feel a warmth spreading through me.

He looked into my eyes and saw beauty, like he had a thousand times before. My heart is touched by that sort of kindness...something I didn't think would happen the first day we spoke to each other. A pure child who tries to see the good in everyone, even me. Even as I present myself to the world as a girl with ice in her veins, he still reaches out to warm me up in every spare moment. It's...very sweet.

"You really are remarkable, Naruto," I say to him.

"Y-yeah? You think so?"

"I believe it," I say with sincerity. As I smile at him, he sheepishly smiles back.

"Thanks..."

We go back to eating, side by side.

"...wait. Not into...guys?"

"...?" Did he not...?

His eyes widen and he stares at me, mouth flapping open and shut. "What...what the?! You're a...you're a...you like kissing girls, Lili?!"

"..." A remarkable child, indeed. Teuchi simply laughs and cooks more noodles for us as Ayame giggles in the background.

I don't think there's enough time left in the day to explain things to this boy...


Chapter 23
Scarlet Justice - ep. 23"Another Road"

The week starts to move by quickly. We rest a day, work lightly the next, then hit the ground running with a few D-Rank missions. They're nothing of note compared to our journey in the desert, and are completed quickly with the power of teamwork. The villagers reward us with treats, and the village itself pays us in cash, as expected compensation for our time.

I end up taking some more time out with Naruto to explain my sexuality, or what it is so far. He did have an idea of how it worked before, and I clarified some other things. While he's disappointed that he can't properly court me, he's very understanding. I tell him that it's a tricky subject to talk about in public.

"So...people don't like it?" he asks, confused.

"There are enough people that won't say anything out loud, but will silently disapprove. It's...it's the same as when the Nine-Tails was kept a secret from you," I explain, hoping to relate it to him easily.

"Oh! So some people know about it, and they'll hate you a lot, and then the others that don't really know but see something is wrong will shun that person too, right?"

"Yes. Much like that. Shinobi have some minor advantages in that we're more accepting of different lifestyles in our work. But others...it's very difficult sometimes. Not everyone is accepted."

"Hmm...that's a bummer. Alright, I'll remember to keep it quiet until you say something, or it's someone I super trust."

"Thank you."

He seems to get it. I think more gentle education will help, but this already makes me pleased.

Today I'm dealing with an unruly child. It's that cat again, the one belonging to the daimyo's wife. Her name is Tora and we as a group have become very familiar with her...to the point where I know it's quite cruel to send her back to that rotund witch, Madam Shijimi.

"Oi. Get better at hiding if you don't want to go back."

She whines and I sigh, stroking her head to calm her down. We sit in a tree as we always do, with her in my lap for a few hours while the others occupy themselves with more esoteric pursuits. All of us are aware that I can find her within a few minutes, so we use this as an opportunity to slack off while on 'company time'.

Eventually, we need to return and complete the mission. I think about my upcoming errands with Kakashi and the Hokage...clearly, one is more important than the other, but I should have time for both. To that end, I will make the appropriate preparations. I really am curious as to what they both want with me.

Tora seems less distressed today as the portly madam squeezes her. It must be thanks to my earlier kindness. Hm. Perhaps if I offer her respite periodically, then maybe...

Luna will be out painting today. It's a lovely day for such excursions. I dress in my usual outfit, deciding to get the least important business out of the way first - today is a free day, thankfully. I find my way to the Jounin Commander's office, and see that Kakashi is there as promised. He's reading from an orange book, and I can make out the title.

'Icha-Icha Paradise'.

So he's a lecher too, then.

"Oh, you're here." He closes his book a moment and tucks it under his arm. "Alright. We can head to the usual training field to have our chat. What do you usually go by, in terms of address?"

"Lili is fine," I say.

"Lili it is, then. Kakashi is fine for me. It's good to be familiar with comrades, after all."

Treating me like an equal already? How bold. "I see."

"Shall we go?"

I nod and follow him across town towards Team Seven's training area. There's a stream nearby, and directly ahead of us are three wooden logs standing upright. Some distance in front of them is a monument. A memorial stone, with many names already printed on it, and room for more. I imagine Kakashi chose this place as a reminder, for his students and for himself. Training Ground Three, then...

"Well, here we are."

"Yes. What was it you wanted to talk to me about, Kakashi?" I ask.

"Well," he says as he resumes his reading, "there are a few things. The most important reason I've called for you will be last. There's something you should know about Naruto. He's mentioned your name a few times, and I understand that he has an affection for you that he has yet to understand the true meaning of."

"..." I suppose that much is true. Sharp, for a man so focused on his pornography, at least.

"He also trusts you implicitly. So I figure you should know 'that' about him. He's the Fourth's legacy...the container for the Nine-Tails."

"A jinchuuriki. Yes, I know," I say casually. "He told me himself. And I accepted him in that moment."

"Ah. That saves a lot of time, then."

"His healing factor and strong stamina stood out, so I knew he had some mysterious power inside of him. And then showing off the Shadow Clone to me, a jutsu that's listed as forbidden because of the chakra costs involved. Using it so freely means he has an incredible amount of energy to burn, especially for a child whose chakra control is...well, we can call it inadequate for such a feat normally."

"I see. The Third Hokage forbade anyone from speaking about the fact that he was a host...his intent was to honour the last wishes of the Fourth, and have Naruto seen as a hero for taking on that sort of burden. But with all of the destruction that occurred, the young people and adults who were or would become parents focused their hate and anguish onto him. This filtered down to the children of this generation, who bullied and hated him without understanding why," Kakashi says. "Sasuke and Sakura don't know, but...they look down on him for other reasons, it seems."

"Hm."

"I wanted to reveal that secret to you, so that I could gauge your personality. You seem distant from everyone, but you have a good heart and care for your comrades. Well, when you're up to it anyways. Hinata Hyuuga looks a lot different from her Academy days, and I know it's because of the time she spent with you. With all that said...I would like you to help keep Naruto grounded, since he has so much love, and more importantly respect for you. Sasuke and Sakura don't backbite you within earshot, from what I understand."

"Is that so..." He really doesn't need to defend me to that degree, but...well, I did note that he was a pure child, so that's his way. It's always nice to hear.

"Even if you can't return his feelings..."

"I never intended to break his heart," I tell Kakashi. "I've already let him down gently, though I know he still dreams of me a little. And you should know that I'm into girls regardless."

"Did you explain that to him?" he asks.

"I did. He has a decent grasp on the subject, at least."

"Ah. Well, that helps a bit...he's chasing Sakura, as you know, and Sakura of course is taking the opportunity to get close to Sasuke. Sasuke is in turn obsessed with only two things: gaining more power, and crushing you."

"Hmph."

"Yes, his ego still hasn't bounced back from that time. I'm sorry to push this onto you, but I'll have to use you as a measuring stick for those boys, Lili."

I sigh. "It's fine. I understand, Kakashi."

"Alright, thanks. If it ever becomes a problem, don't hesitate to tell me."

I think for a moment. "So you want to use me as an anchor for Naruto, and as motivation for him as well as Sasuke. What about Sakura, then?"

He sighs. "There's nothing you or I can really do about that, I'm afraid. She probably resents you a bit for your earlier performances, but it's up to her what kind of shinobi she eventually becomes. Although...if you feel like applying a bit of pressure on her as well, it could help."

"I'll give it some thought," I say. Only some, though. The brat really isn't worth my time.

"Good. And now...the real reason I called for you, as I mentioned earlier."

He closes his book and looks at me directly for the first time. "Kurenai mentioned it the other day...your prowess for battle. Even if they were of inferior skill, you killed enemies at an unheard of rate, and without a scratch to show for it. As a Leaf shinobi, you're already an elite...this is why I felt that we could talk as equals, despite our ages and ranks. My talks with Iruka prior to our meeting also confirmed this. We're a lot alike in more ways than one, you know. Both of us are able to use Water and Lightning natures for our ninjutsu, as one example."

"The Sharingan puts a large gap between us," I point out. "Not to mention your archive of combat experience."

"Well, that only makes sense. I've been fighting for about as long as you've been alive, Lili. Those were compliments, after all."

"I suppose."

He chuckles. "You're an interesting girl. Nothing like Sakura at all. I suppose I can get down to it for you, since you have a grasp of your ability. Here."

Kakashi makes a few handseals, and I can see lightning chakra gathering around his right hand. It sparks upwards and makes a sound like a flock of chirping birds.

"This...is my original technique. It's not the same as the advanced version I used against Zabuza, but it's more than enough for genin. It's called Chidori."

"Chidori," I repeat as I stare at the technique. It's certainly flashy.

"Yeah. This is meant to be used as a high speed assassination jutsu. With one thrust, you can pierce through just about any target you choose. On its own, however...it's an incomplete technique." He taps his headband. "This gifted Sharingan is the key."

I frown. "So...why not teach it to Sasuke? His bloodline is more suited for it than me...even if I have the speed as you said, that might leave me open to other hazards as a result," I say to him.

But it seems he was waiting for that answer, happy as he looks. "Good! You've identified the main problem with the jutsu immediately. Much faster than I did, anyways. Saying that...there are other things you might be able to do with this technique if you think it through. The sky just might be the limit, as far as you're concerned."

"Perhaps. But I assume you have something else."

"Yes. An alternative to that sort of technique."

"What is it?" I ask, intrigued.

"It's something out of Lightning Country...one of the signature jutsu of the Fourth Raikage, known as the fastest living shinobi. According to historical records, the only person said to be faster than him was the Fourth Hokage, the man who was called the Yellow Flash. This jutsu I speak of is normally used for a fighting style called nintaijutsu. It's called Lightning Relase Chakra Mode."

I glare at him. This isn't the time for jokes. "And what, pray tell, makes you think I could learn something like that?"

"Well...it's actually on the same level of difficulty as a jutsu you already know," he says with a nod.

"..." I blink and calm down. So that was it...I really hadn't considered that angle, for whatever reason. Kakashi is intelligent enough not to offer something so far out of my grasp. B-Rank, though...it seems a bit absurd. "And Chidori? What about that?"

"That's an A-Rank jutsu, so a level above that. I would say...A-Rank Level 1, roughly."

"Sounds like it would be a bother to learn. That power would be good to have...however, I can also consider the strong and versatile supplementary jutsu. Hm."

"I won't be forcing you to make a choice on the spot. We can talk again tomorrow, or any other day you choose, and you also have the option to decline completely if you wish. To be honest with you...I'd like to see the results of at least one of these so that I can figure out a strategy for training Sasuke later."

I give him a critical look. "And you don't think it would incense that boy if he found out you were teaching his sworn enemy?"

"Eh. I don't care how he feels about that."

"You're quite irresponsible."

"That's harsh."

"I'm speaking to you as an equal," I remind him.

He sighs and shakes his head, pulling out his book again and reading. "Well, I don't have anything else to say today. Give me your answer when you're free. I'll be hanging around the usual places."

"Understood. I will see you later then, Kakashi."

He waves goodbye with one hand, and I glance at the memorial stone as I leave.

"Lord Hokage will see you now."

I get up from my seat in the lobby, and follow the secretary to the Hokage's office. It's spacious, without much in the way of furniture, and oval. There's a large window behind the main desk, allowing a view of the entire village. This place is also located in the Academy complex, which explains how the old man could visit classrooms and students so frequently. There are comfortable looking chairs in front of the big wooden desk, which has stacks of paperwork on it.

"Please, have a seat," the Hokage says. I nod and do so. "Now...the reason you're here. On the last mission, you managed to kill thirty nine of those bandits without harm to yourself. Quite an impressive feat, to say nothing of your quick application of first aid and delay tactics."

"Thank you, Lord Hokage."

He nods and puffs on his pipe a bit. "Tell me...did you enjoy yourself that time?"

For a moment, I think about what the correct answer is supposed to be. But only for a moment. "I did, Lord Hokage. I enjoyed myself quite a bit."

"Hm. And now? How do you feel, looking back on that incident?"

"I...think about the possibilities of the next challenge ahead. With the heat of that moment gone...I do not dwell on it. And I do not worry about replicating it."

"..."

I gather myself and stare directly into his eyes. I want him to see me. "That is the type of person I am, my lord. I eat until I'm satisfied. No more...no less."

"...I see." A few more puffs on his pipe as we both go silent. He studies me, and seems quite interested in what he's reading. "You carry yourself in a way that most adults are unable to. Some crack under the strain of killing, others lose their minds completely. Still others struggle to draw the line between their feelings in battle and their feelings in life. There's a switch that exists within your mind...I see that you can reach it at will."

"..." That much should be expected from the Hokage. He sees a lot at once.

"You almost remind me of a former student of mine. A genius, and very clinical with jutsu. He took a cold, pragmatic approach to battle. But the reason why I say 'almost'...is that you carry a love for your comrades that he never did. He tried, but he never could truly understand those feelings...there is something I want to consider. After that event, you should think about advancing up the ranks."

"In what way, my lord?"

"Hm." He strokes his chin in thought. "Ah, yes. Do you have an interest of some sort? A dream that you would like to see come to pass in the near future?"

"...well. I would like the opportunity to travel the world one day. And also...find a wife in that time," I say. If he's as connected to the village as people say, he already knows about my preferences.

"Travel and women," he says with a smile. "That sounds like a man's romance, alright. It would be easy enough to get you there, but I don't think I can give up a genius like you to the winds just yet."

I expected that reply. It's not an issue, as I still have plenty of growing to do. "Understood, sir."

"The options that I have in front of you are simple...first, since I have no doubt that you will soon become a chuunin, I would like to put you on the track to becoming a jounin once your promotion is finalized. And the other option...is for you to become a member of our Black Ops."

"ANBU...?"

"Yes. You'll be given a code name, and you will deal with the usual things in covert operations. As such, you will be unable to mention anything about your new position to your team, if you should choose to stay with them in addition to your extra duties. Some choose to live a double life, since the schedules are quite flexible. ANBU members vary, some are more specialized in one area more than others. But generally speaking, all of them have strong individual skills and can handle themselves in most situations."

"I understand the recommendations for jounin pass through you, but...you wouldn't consider my age when speaking of the ANBU?"

"The organization has no regard for age. Only ability," the Hokage says with a smile.

So it's like that, then. "How this works...if I have it correct, sir. In the one case as a chuunin or jounin I would be able to function as I normally would with my team. As ANBU...it would be possible still, but more difficult. Thus it would be more prudent to work alone, especially with the difficulty and danger present in these sorts of missions."

"Yes, that is all correct."

"And these are things I should consider for my future...meaning I should think about the time that I have left." I take a breath in. "Lord Hokage? May I...have some time to think about these things?"

"Of course, of course. I wasn't planning on making you choose right here, or anywhere near that soon."

"Thank you, sir."

"That was all that I needed from you, Lili. Please take your time with this decision, and thank you for coming to see me."

I nod and leave my seat.

"Oh, and a favour, if you would."

"Yes?" I ask.

"Please send my greetings to Princess Midoriko," he says with a warm smile.

'Princess', then...how curious. "Hm." I give the Hokage a smile back. "Of course. I will promptly send onee-sama your greetings, Lord Hokage."


Chapter 24
Scarlet Justice - ep. 24"Airs and Graces"
As part of my plan, I pay a neighbourhood child 1000 ryo - a queenly sum, for her - to set up a checkpoint for Tora. If this works, it will slowly bring an end to a proud Leaf 'tradition', but some sacrifices must be made for the good of all.
D-Rank missions for the day include trash collection, lawn cutting, and document transport. All easily done within a few hours, and Kurenai dismisses us for the day as a result. She has a maximum mission load set out for us and these days we've consistently met it before afternoon can arrive. Naruto tells me he's bored with these, but I find them relaxing and sometimes fun. Connecting with thankful people is always nice, and I have a feeling that these little things will help me in the future.
Now that the day is free, I think about what I would like to do for the rest of it. Spending all of my time at home might not be the most productive thing...hm.
Actually...I do know what I want to do. It's not very nice at all, but it's something before I turn in. Naruto can help me with this...ah, just as I think of him. There he is.
"Hey, Lili!"
"Good timing. I was looking for you," I say as I cross the street to meet him.
"Y-yeah? What for?" he asks eagerly.
"I was wondering if you knew where Sakura was."
"Eh? She's having tea or something with Ino. I guess she's gonna brag about Sasuke, or whatever," he says while making a face. "Bah. Who needs that idiot loser anyways...I'm the heart and soul of Team Seven! Oh, sorry. I actually gotta go, Kakashi-sensei said he wanted to see me about something today. Those two are down the road to your right," Naruto says as he runs off. "See ya, Lili!"
"Yes, goodbye. And thank you," I call after him. He seems to be staying out of trouble for the most part. Good.
Now that I have my target, it's time to begin.
I head down the street as Naruto instructed, and look over to my right for the place mentioned. Ino's blonde hair is visible as I approach; she sits on a patio with Sakura across from her at a table. Oh...and there's a third chair, sitting empty.
How deliciously convenient.
I suppose it's time to really lean into my persona...seeing as everyone already has their own thoughts on me, it certainly won't hurt anything. "Sakura, Ino. It's nice to see you both again," I say as I approach.
"Lili? Wow, it's been a while!" Ino says in greeting. "What are you up to?"
"Nothing at the moment, we finished our missions for the day. I did have a few meetings yesterday, though. With Lord Hokage and Kakashi-sensei."
"Ooh, look at you. Moving up in the world already, huh?"
"What did Kakashi-sensei want to talk to you about?" Sakura asks. She's trying to hide it, but I can read her easily. She's bothered by my presence.
"It's mostly between us. But a bit of it was praise for my abilities."
"Hey, if you're not doing anything right now, sit with us!" Ino says.
I watch Sakura's face twist up for a moment before settling into a sunny, welcoming smile. "Yeah, like Ino said...come sit with us for a while."
"If you're insisting, then I shall." I go around the barrier and seat myself in the empty chair, between Ino and Sakura. Putting my elbows on the table, I rest my head on my folded hands. "Have you both ordered already? I'll pick up the bill today, if you don't mind."
"Really? But this'll be coming out of your mission pay, so we should split it up, at least," Ino says.
I shake my head. "It's fine. I haven't touched my payment yet, and it was rather large...worth a B-Rank mission at the least."
"Oh? Your mission was supposed to be a C-Rank, right? That sounds super generous. We haven't been going for anything too difficult just yet. Asuma-sensei is starting us off slow. He's the Hokage's son, you know."
"Hm. Interesting."
"He's pretty nice, if a bit rugged sometimes. You know those sorts of guys who look like they go fishing every weekend and drink beers on the dock? That's what he looks like, I think. But all I know so far is that Shikamaru is a lazy bum, like the worst, and Choji can't stop eating. Ugh. It's just so much..."
"Seems like your team is a handful."
"You can say that twice. Sakura was telling me about her wild mission, though. We were going on about it before you got here, Lili."
"Naruto told me about it the other day," I say to her.
"Neat. Speaking of him...it's crazy how he managed to get this far. I mean, not only managing to graduate, but going up against powerful enemies and stuff. I dunno...my opinion on him's changed. I'm starting to think that he's not that far behind Sasuke..."
I can see Sakura twitch a bit at the edge of my vision.
"Then again, the year's been full of surprises. Look at you, Lili. You came out of nowhere and beat the daylights out of him. Oh, let's make our orders now." Ino nods to the waiter who appears before us, and we all select our teas and treats.
"An extra bottle of milk, also," I say before the young man can leave. He nods and adds it to the list before going.
"So, yeah...Sasuke. I think he's cute, but...well, I'm really not as obsessed with him as I used to be. Ehe...maybe I'm a bit bitter that Sakura gets to spend like, every day with him now! Totally unfair!" Ino says, pouting playfully.
"It was a lucky draw, I guess," Sakura says with a smile. "But I'm okay with a bit of luck..."
I lean back in my chair. "You can't rely on just that, you know. Talent can be overcome with hard work, and hard work can be defeated just as easily with pure talent. There are gaps that are sometimes too big to cross...I'm sure you understand more than most, Sakura."
"..." She stares at me but says nothing.
"Although, from what I know...you did a very good job protecting that old man. Teamwork is key, and you played your part," I say to her sweetly.
"That's true," Ino adds. "I mean, our team relies on teamwork, pretty much a matter of life and death in the field. Sensei says as much anyways, and my dad loves to remind me these days. I wonder how long it'll take for us to get even half as good as our parents. Heh. Aside from all the dumb training and drills and stuff, I'm pretty into this shinobi thing. I get to use some of my passions, too! That's exciting, right?"
"Very much so," I reply. "Sakura, what about you? Would you say the same?"
"I...guess I would, yeah," she replies timidly.
"Mm...going back to silly boys for a moment," Ino says with a smile, "I have a question for Lili."
"Yes, Ino. Whatever your heart desires."
"You're too much sometimes. Okay, then...have you ever been confessed to? Here, or anywhere?"
I close my eyes and think, knowing the answer but making sure I didn't miss anything. "No, never. I was quite lonely as a child...I think it was my disposition. That, and I could never smile properly."
"Oh, yeah...that creepy smile you gave us at the beginning of last year. Sheesh. I can see why people would avoid you in that case. But what about here, has anyone said anything?"
"I know that I have a few girls that admire me from afar, for certain reasons. But they were never open about it because of my status. I guess...there's one person who I know likes me."
"Ah? Tell us, tell us!" Ino demands.
"..." Sakura is interested as well. Our tea arrives and Ino eagerly stirs in her sugar while waiting for my answer.
"I know that Naruto...has a thing for me. Just don't mention it outside of here, alright?"
"Naruto? That makes sense, he does talk about you a lot and always seems really happy to see you. So? Will you...?"
"I let him down easy."
"I see. That's good of you, Lili. He's a weirdo, but...sort of sweet in his own way, I think. It'd really suck to see him moping around."
"He's free to dream of me as he likes, but...I can't oblige him as I am," I say pointedly to Ino.
"Eh...eh?" Ino stops her stirring and looks at me oddly for a moment. Then her expression changes, eyes widening as she comes to an understanding. "Ehhhhhh?"
"Yes, that's right."
Sakura is confused. "Ino, what are you on about?"
"That makes sense...that all makes sense. So you're a lesbian, I get it."
"Wait, you mean that she...she likes..."
"Yes. I like girls," I say plainly. "You personally don't have anything to worry about from me." I stir milk into my tea. "As for guys...even if I did have any interest in them, I wouldn't dream of choosing someone like Sasuke."
Sakura glares at me on cue. "And what's wrong with Sasuke?" Predictably defensive of her dream boyfriend.
"He would never be my type, even if I was a masochist...which I'm not." No, I'm very clearly on the other end of that particular spectrum. Well...as far as I know...
"Why don't you speak plainly?" Sakura demands. I let her rant and stir sugar into my tea leisurely.
"Honestly, there's no need to get so worked up," Ino says. "And with the bad blood between them, can you blame her for being harsh?"
"Sasuke is my teammate, Ino. I don't think it would be right to let some girl talk trash about him in front of me." As opposed to talking behind someone's back. Classy, Miss Haruno.
"You're clearly more upset about my remarks towards him than you are about your lack of skill."
She flinches. That one hurt. "Insult me all you want...you're just proving him right."
It seems she wants more. Fine. "Oh? So you're deluded as well. You think that I'm looking down on you because I have the ability to display my strength. Do you want me to show you what arrogance truly is?" I say, staring at her. If she wants to dance, I will make this useless doll dance until her feet swell up.
"Sasuke risked his life on that mission, which is way more than you could do. You think that because you looked a little cool and beat him in the Academy one time, or got really high grades, that you can demean him and insult the rest of us? Who do you think you are?"
"Sakura, seriously. You're getting way too worked up over this. All she said was that she wouldn't pick Sasuke if she was into guys at all. And we know she isn't. Okay, let's simmer down and change the subject a bit. You can still appreciate a cute guy, right, Lili?"
"Of course. Good aesthetic has no boundary."
"Aha! I like that. For example, our waiter definitely has a nice face...and other things I've noticed, but would be a little rude to mention in public," Ino says with a wink. "So. Who out of the guys do you think is the cutest?"
I turn my head and make sure to look at Sakura as I speak. "The person I'm thinking of...someone very sweet. Naruto would be my first choice."
"Naruto...wow, that's an interesting choice. How come?" Ino asks.
"Well, when you really look at a person...you can see them for who they are. He's a charming boy, a little rugged, but cute to look at. And good, lovely eyes," I say. "Very sincere in everything he does."
"Hmm...can't say I disagree. Give him a few years and some styling tips, he'll knock the ladies dead. Yeah, I think that's a solid pick on the whole."
"Do you have anything to add, Sakura?" I ask. "Or have you not looked at him once? You seem to be quite preoccupied with Sasuke and getting his attention. Haven't you realized that someone like that doesn't care about you? He has other things on his mind."
"You take that ba-"
"And you...especially someone like you. How can you ever question what I've done? How much blood have you spilled, Sakura Haruno?"
"I..."
I lean forward in my chair. "I can recall...all of it. Every. Single. Drop."
She shrinks backwards.
"Know your place," I say firmly. "You speak too much and are far too arrogant for your station. I stand above you in every, and I do mean every aspect."
"..." She can say nothing, only glaring at me and stewing in her seat. There's nothing she can say to counter me. Pathetic. How dare she even think of pushing herself against me.
"That was a bit harsh, wasn't it?" Ino says. "Sakura might have gone a bit too far, but...mm." Sakura is her friend, but it's clear that she's fallen to my side this time.
"Ino, you know better," I say gently. "Nothing I've said was a lie. If I wanted to, I have many other methods of tearing someone apart."
"She's got me there, Sakura. This isn't even close to how sharp she can get."
"I'm...I'm not the same person from the Academy," Sakura growls at me. "Your words don't mean anything to me. Sasuke is a much stronger person, and so am I!"
She's going to say something she will regret later. Blinded by her pain and wounded ego. The next move is...
"Why don't you put your big money where your mouth is, then?"
And finally, the climax.
"I'm challenging you, you stuck-up bitch!"
Yes. There it is.
"Sakura! Think about what you're saying for a second, you idiot forehead!"
"Cram it, piggie! I've already made up my mind!"
Ino huffs and waves her away. "Fine, whatever. Your funeral."
"What is it, rich girl? You gonna run away? You probably think you're too good to fight me. Go ahead and say it. Give up before we even start, like little princesses always do!"
I didn't think things would escalate to this level...well, alright. That's a lie. I was eagerly hoping they would get to this level, and I would have an excuse to bully this trash. I'm having a lot of fun right now.
I take a long sip of tea and sigh for effect before answering. "I'll think about obliging you. I have some more errands to run during the week, so..."
"You-"
"I'll have to show up to this too, won't I?" Ino yells, interrupting us. "Ugh! The worst! Fine, I'll even drag my lazy idiot team with me to supervise. Just make sure it's actually happening, alright? I gotta wash my hair properly after all these missions, you know?"
"I understand your struggle," I say to her. Draining my teacup, I dab at my mouth with a napkin. "Well. I won't agitate you any further, Miss Haruno. After all, you're Sasuke's number one fan...and he does need a cheering section, from what I understand."
"Tch...!"
"I'll let you know what's happening soon. Thank you both for having me. Sakura," I say dismissively as I stand up. "And...Ino."
"Hm?" I lean over and plant a friendly kiss on her cheek. She blushes a bit.
"See you in a while, then?"
"Yeah, for sure. Take care, Lili," she says with a smile.
I give Sakura a side eye look as she stares at me, confused and vulnerable. I want to push her. I want to make her tremble. I want her to look at me and think it...that I could steal away her best friend any time that I want.
She's too easy.
With a smile, I flip my hair over my shoulder. And I keep my promise, leaving more than enough money on the table to cover their expenses as a gift before leaving.
Yes. I'm an awful girl. But...I'm also awfully satisfied right now.
Ah. Such is life.
Luna isn't home as I return, so I decide to finish up my manga reading. It has a good looking heroine as the lead character, and balances everything with its action. I like it a lot and resolve to buy the next volume soon.
"..."
Although I also wonder about that book Kakashi was reading. I suppose I should look into it...for research purposes, of course.
The next day comes, and Luna is off. She sleeps in and I make myself breakfast. Kurenai has scheduled a quick D-Rank for today, planting flowers for an elderly woman. We end up in front of a modest wooden house with a front yard.
"..."
These flowers are all the same, and it's mainly the girls carefully planting while Shino gathers and moves supplies. The garden is well set up, with a system for delivering water and semi-moist soil that we dig into while planting. We finish fairly quickly and step back a moment to admire our work.
Camellia plants.
"Thank you for your hard work. There isn't much money here," the old woman says.
"..." I think for a moment. "Oba-san, if I could make a request."
"Yes, dear."
"In lieu of money...oil will do for me." The camellia plant, aside from its beauty, has many practical uses. One of its products is good quality oil from its seeds, which is used for cooking, to maintain blades, and to help grow strong and healthy hair.
"I feel the same," Hinata adds in.
"Same here," Kurenai says.
Shino seems confused as the old woman nods and heads back inside. She gives him his payment, and hands bottles of oil to myself, Hinata, and Kurenai. After exchanging bows, she waves us goodbye.
"You requested oil. Why?" Shino asks me. I look over to Kurenai and Hinata, and we share a knowing smile.
"It's a girl thing," we say in unison. Shino pushes up his glasses.
"I see. We all have our secrets, then."
Ino did say she was worried about her hair...hmhm. This will make a nice, luxurious present, and serve my ulterior motives quite nicely.


Chapter 25
Scarlet Justice - ep. 25"Hard Knocks"
Another day passes. We train in shurikenjutsu and chakra control from early morning until noon. Hinata is working at a steady pace, determined not to drag anyone down ever again. Kurenai makes her slow down, while Shino is his usual self and chips away at his weak areas.
"..."
As for myself, I wonder if I'm ready for the upcoming challenge. There's a lot to consider here...a lot that could go wrong. Perhaps my growth might be stunted, or altered badly. But I also have faith in the training that got me to this point. I feel that if anything does go wrong, I will be able to fix it, and make something of myself no matter what.
"Have to wonder what Kakashi's up to this time," Kurenai says to me as we cool down. "He's definitely a pragmatist, so him taking an interest in you is for a simple enough reason. Well, to him anyways. I wouldn't know what he's thinking at any given time."
"Hm. You seem to be okay with this," I say to her.
"It's normal. If there are specialists available for kids, or there's a teacher that sees some sort of potential in you, we encourage you to go out and train with them. Guys like Kakashi, especially. Dunno about how good he really is as an instructor, but when it comes to individuals he has plenty of tools to hand out. I suspect that's why Sasuke ended up with him in the first place."
"Ino was telling me about how the team system worked."
"Yeah? Ino's a good kid, very observant, too. Takes after her dad, which is a great thing. If she doesn't follow in his footsteps, she could be a really great covert operator. And there are people in ANBU that you don't know are in ANBU, so I think that could suit her, too. She has the work ethic."
"I see."
"Alright, kids. That's enough for the day," Kurenai calls to Hinata and Shino. They gather their weapons and hustle back towards us. "Still can't tell me about your secret thing with the Hokage?"
"No. But I have already come to a decision on that end. It will make you happy, I assume."
"Lots of things can make me happy."
"Hopefully ones that can be discussed in polite company?"
"Shut up, seriously." She rolls her eyes as my teammates join us.
"Sensei...I think I can-"
"Out of the question," Kurenai says, interrupting Hina. "Pack up, go home, and rest. That's an order, Miss Hyuuga."
"Yes, ma'am. I'll see everyone tomorrow, then." She smiles and bows for us before heading home. Shino quietly salutes before doing the same.
"Mission coming up later. Nothing too big, fortunately...should be done by the end of the day. I'll see you tomorrow, Lili."
"Of course. Take care, sensei."
We part ways, and I head over to Training Field Three. Kakashi is there, reading his book while leaning against one of the logs used for training exercises. He doesn't lift his head even as I stop in front of him.
"I'm going to learn the Lightning Release Chakra Mode," I say.
"Yeah...I figured as much. Here," he says as he tosses me a scroll. "This is the research that's been done on it within the Leaf. It's pretty detailed. I personally can't help you too much with it, at least when it comes to fine mechanics and the like, but if you show up around this time next week, we can check out your progress together."
"..." So it's all up to me, then. If I learned one B-Rank jutsu, I should be able to learn another. Believe in myself. "Understood, thank you."
"Also...I heard about something happening later on. You and Sakura are going to get into it?"
"Something like that," I say. "Are you going to stop us?"
"No. In fact, I didn't hear a word about any of this from you," he says casually.
"Hmph. Trying to avoid trouble?"
"You could say that."
"You really are irresponsible. Ino and her merry men are going to be there anyways, so we'll be well supervised without your presence. I don't mean to make a spectacle of her."
"Right. Hopefully this will be a bit of motivation for Sakura."
"You're expecting her to lose."
"Naturally. She's my student, and she's done well recently. But I'm not deluded about her progress. That girl is nowhere close to an elite."
"Hm."
"Anyways, if you want to use the field here, go all out. And again, I heard nothing. Good luck with your lesson, sensei."
I shake my head and walk away. What a guy.
"Lord Hokage will see you now."
The secretary lets me into the office. I take a seat and clear my throat.
"I will be concise, Lord Hokage."
"Please, go ahead," he says as he sets down his pen to look at me.
"I've spent too much of my life in the darkness, alone and fighting to find myself. Becoming a member of the ANBU would be an honour and a great opportunity offered to few others. I understand the weight of responsibility that comes from the position. But...right now, I want to walk in the light with my comrades, and the people that I love dearly. I want to let them know how my days went, and hold them close to me at nights. I want to live life as myself, and not partitioned between 'Lili' and a given code name. The shadows are not the place I belong. Not any longer. Since you're not willing to let me out of your sight, I'll instead become a leader that you can be proud of."
He nods. "Very well. All I ask is that you continue to grow in strength, and remain as spirited as you are now."
"Yes, Lord Hokage." I incline my head. "If you should choose to make me a jounin of the village, I will accept your recommendation wholeheartedly, and give my all for this home and the people who live in it."
"Good, good. I appreciate your courage and commitment, Lili. Please remember that. Do your best in the upcoming trials, and show everyone what I see in you."
"I shall, Lord Hokage."
With a deep bow, I leave his office. I let out a breath the moment I get outside.
Turning down an offer to be a true elite...well, it's not all glory and fame, anyways. So that might have made the decision easier. But even so, I've committed to this life now. The first step is becoming a chuunin, and bringing my friends upwards with me. Stronger comrades for a stronger village.
"..."
I'm not perfect, however. I still have my sharp angles that will cut those who don't approach with caution. Balancing the person I am with leadership...that is something I will also have to work on. It doesn't matter how strong I am if I can't foster cooperation. This upcoming fight with Sakura could be a means to help with that sort of thing, if I play it right. Or I'll simply beat her senseless and look like even more of a bully.
"Troublesome, honestly." I sigh and spin the scroll from earlier on my finger as I walk home. Hopefully Luna is home to cook something. Chakra control training always makes me very hungry for some reason.
We take a proper C-Rank this time to guard a shipment of iron that's come down from the northern part of the country. It takes a little over half a day total to go, escort the merchant and his shipment, and reach the village again without incident. We debrief, get our normal rate of pay, then are dismissed for the night. Feeling a bit adventurous, I slip out to the training field, drop my bag, and unroll the scroll that Kakashi gave me.
"Let's see..."
I definitely feel nervous. I wonder if I should...no. No, I'm going to do this on my own. I have to.
I can use handseals as a starter, so I make the few listed and focus my chakra at the same time. What feels like the technique activates, and I feel...pulled out of time for a moment, like everything has simply slowed to a crawl. There's a pop and surge as the tingling explodes into something else, making me lose my place for a second before the world starts moving normally again.
"Sh-shoot..." I can feel myself buzzing all over. It's hot and some of the electricity is still jumping away from my skin for a while. I don't think I electrocuted myself, though I wouldn't be surprised. Okay. That was an...interesting first experience. Next time, I will make proper preparations, and make sure that I'm well rested before attempting this technique. It's...it's something, to be sure. An incredible amount of stimulation that ended up altering my perception of the world, even if it was for the briefest of moments. No wonder the Raikage uses this technique...someone who has been described as 'faster than thought'.
Shino would say that sounded cool. I can't help but agree. It does sound fantastic and legendary.
"A new goal, then..."
I feel a smile come on. A new challenge...this is getting me quite excited.
The call has been put out. It's morning in the Hidden Leaf.
I sit at Training Field Three, on top of one of the logs standing upright in the middle of the grounds. There are a few figures approaching. They're well within the range of my tracking art...I press my tongue against my top lip, and get a taste of the air as if flows towards me. Midori said that the technique would grow stronger the more that I used it, and true to her word, it has. I have more control than ever, and it's very good.
"..."
The scents and feedback are sharp. Familiar, too. Naruto and Ino I recognize immediately. Sakura, with her silly scented shampoo. There are others...pork. Specifically, the smell of pork rinds.
He's always eating!
Ino said that the other day. "Choji," I mumble. The next smell is a bit faint, but I know it. Similar to the Hokage...tobacco smoke.
Oh, you noticed that. I was talking to Asuma, and he has that smoking habit of his...
I recognize this smell mainly from Kurenai. Asuma-sensei, who is the instructor for Team Ten. Ino doesn't have the same level of smoke on her, if at all. Choji doesn't either. That leaves...Shikamaru. So he spends a lot of time with Asuma, then. Interesting.
Another scent...reminds me faintly of burning wood.
The Uchiha are known for their prowess in Fire Release jutsu.
Iruka's voice echoes through my head.
"Sasuke. What the hell could he want..." I feel agitated at the very thought of him. Almost enough for me to awaken 'that' side just so I can start some proper bullying.
I still haven't gotten over that time at the Academy. That sort of despair...almost fading into oblivion. It will never leave me. It was fear on a level that I never want to experience again. And all because I trusted him. Because I tried to be a good girl. Because I let down my guard against that...trash.
"Lili! Are you really gonna fight Sakura?!"
"..." Naruto. I almost don't have the heart to answer him. I use a body flicker to leave my perch and appear in front of Sakura's face, startling her. She puts on a brave front a moment later. "Yes, Naruto. This is what she asked for, with her own mouth."
"I...I see..."
"Stay out of it, Naruto. This isn't something you would ever understand," Sakura says.
"Don't you try to speak for him," I snap back. "He's gone through enough hardship without you piling it on. Now...I know that Ino was bringing guests, but I didn't hear anything from you about spectators. What's your game?"
"I'm allowed to bring my teammates to watch, too. There wasn't any rule against it."
"You foolish little brat. Do you understand why I came on my own, and why I agreed to Ino's team coming to spectate? I didn't want to involve more people than necessary. Did you want to make this a public massacre? Did you want to be humiliated and destroyed in front of others? Because I could have easily obliged you," I say. I then take a breath in and calm down a little. "But what's done is done. We'll settle it here, as long as nobody opens their mouth about it to anyone else. This is between us, and us alone."
"..." She slowly nods.
"Oh, and one more thing...I suggest you fight for your life, Sakura. Because if you ever get the idea to sit there and sandbag so that your boyfriend can collect data on me, I'll make sure to tear your pink hair from your empty skull strand by strand."
She flinches, her eyes flickering to Sasuke for a brief moment.
"Do you hear me? Don't you dare fuck with me, or I'll really kill you," I growl.
"Ah, geez. This is why women are so troublesome," Shikamaru whines. "They'll kill each other over the smallest things."
"Shut up, Shikamaru. Alright, let's start the fight before we all drown in the bad blood," Ino says. I move a fair distance away from Sakura as Ino holds one arm in the air. "Okay, here we go! It's a no...well, some holds barred showdown! Use anything you like to take down your opponent! The boundaries are the edges of the training field, and the fight ends when one fighter is unable to continue or surrenders!"
"I'll have eyes and ears all over!" Naruto announces. "It's the greatest referee crew assembled! My Shadow Clone Jutsu is ready to go!"
"Awesome! Remember, no maiming! And especially no killing!" she says with a look towards me. I roll my eyes and nod. "Good! Fighters ready?"
"Ready!" Sakura yells drawing a kunai.
"Ready," I reply, crossing my arms.
"Begin!"
As Ino throws her arm down, Sakura charges with a body flicker. She draws a second kunai and makes seals, producing a clone on either side of her.
Regular bunshin? Here? I grit my teeth in frustration. Seems it's time to teach this air head a lesson she won't forget.
She has her clones weave in and out in a pattern, trying to fool me. I hold back a bit, adding more difficulty by not using my tracking art to find her in an instant. Okay, which one...
The first crosses in front of me, and they all simultaneously slash away. I step through the first image easily. There's one coming in from behind, and I let it run me through as a ghost, exiting my front side. And the third...accelerates towards me before passing through. Three clones? So, then...ah.
I draw a kunai and raise it into the air, clashing with Sakura as she comes down from above.
"Well, you're more clever than I assumed," I say tonelessly. Not a lie since it was a decent feint, but I'm intent on riling her up. "Congratulations."
"Grr...!"
But it's useless against me, and she should have known that much. She drops to the ground and tries to flashily attack with both kunai in her hands. I use my one hand to easily block each strike as it comes. Her taijutsu is...
...it's not special. That much is a problem. She seems like she's scared of fighting, or doesn't know how. But she's not stupid. She's studied this.
And she's slow. Her movement speed and attacking speed are worlds apart, which is why she uses movement and momentum so often in time with her attacks. This girl is strange. Has she not picked up anything since the Academy?
"Is this all you have?" I taunt.
She growls and her speed increases a bit. This is her wheelhouse, chakra control. She was always good at it, I noticed. This time she's trying to use it to get around me. Not a bad thought, but...it's useless when there's an ocean between us. I automatically parry her strikes, then start to drive her back. With a swift movement, I spike one of the kunai out of her hands, leaving her with just the one. She flinches and is helpless as I evade her strikes, cutting into her bare arms over and over.
Sakura eventually drops her remaining kunai because of the pain. I slap her across the face with the handle of mine, making her tumble to the ground.
She has to know where she is right now. I'll see if she indeed has a brain inside of that cotton candy head. "You do understand why you're on Team Seven, yes?"
Sakura pants and rises to her feet, glaring at me. Small drops of blood leak from the cuts that crisscross her arms. With no answer, I start my lecture.
"Each of the squads are constructed in a way that complements each member. Not just in terms of scoring, but in terms of ability. Naruto is, simply put, not very good at academics. Sasuke, for all his effort, is middling in that area at best."
"I told you...stop talking about Sasuke like that!"
I ignore her and continue, twirling my kunai on my fingers. "You seem to have a good amount of general intelligence. In other words...you are supposed to be the anchor of the team on that front. Using your academic and observational skills, you would pass your wisdom onto the other members of your team. In return, you would learn how to improve your combat skills from watching Naruto and Sasuke, as they are both more adept on that front than you are. The skills of each teammate are meant to help the others grow. That is why you were arranged that way."
"That's some analysis...go, Lili," Ino says.
"What's that have to do with anything, or any of this?" Sakura snaps back at me.
"I'll spell it out for you, bimbo. What have you learned from watching Naruto and Sasuke? And what have you taught them since you've come together as a team?"
"I...I haven't..."
"What have you accomplished in this time? What have you done other than become so rounded that you're not good at anything other than balancing your chakra to a fine point? While you sit and play housekeeper, Naruto and Sasuke push themselves on your behalf."
"That's not true!" she protests. "You don't know anything about us!"
I grip my kunai properly again, narrowing my eyes at her. "Then prove it. Go ahead and crush me like you promised."
"You...!" She rushes forward and makes more handseals before picking up the kunai she dropped earlier, engaging me. I quickly stab forward before she can react, and she reels.
"...hmph. Right."
Sakura transforms into a log. I can hear her diving into the trees nearby...certainly, if there's a place for a book loving nerd like her, it's the forest. All sorts of nasty traps and other things will be at her disposal. Hopefully she doesn't bore me like she has this entire time.
"They're taking the battle to the tress," Ino announces. Her entourage follows, some more reluctantly than others. "Sakura's holding on after a really rough start! Can she make headway with all this room to hide and plan? Or is Lili too much of a monster to be contained? Let's find out!"
Nothing I can't handle from the likes of her. I walk into the trees and can't immediately make out her presence, so...
"Mm?" I hear a snapping sound. A log rushes towards me...it's laid out horizontally, so that means I should-
But there's another sound and I look down to see that my foot is on top of an exploding tag. And now there's a log swinging in from my left vertically. And as I quickly glance over to my right...
"Why don't you just shut your damn mouth!"
Sakura throws a wave of senbon at me. If those land, they're going to hurt no matter what. Two logs closing in, exploding tags at my feet. Staying in this position means I can avoid the logs, but the lit tags will blow me up. Dodging away means either confronting a log or becoming a living pin cushion. Possibly both.
Only a small margin of error allowed...this is a well constructed trap.
"..."
It's too bad she obviously snuck in and prepared this beforehand, but there's nothing wrong with that in the end...rules are rules, and there was no rule against this. Clever when she wants to be. A shinobi, at least in spirit.
Oh, but I'm still going to make her cry bloody tears.
I wanted to hold back a bit more, but this is getting serious now, what with her trying to blow me up. Ino said no maiming, right? I'll let it go since the pink brat is obviously desperate and panicking.
Right. Sort of in danger, still. The logs are in close, and the exploding tags have started burning. I stomp the ground with one foot, pushing chakra into it. Ready.
I accelerate, jumping onto the log coming for me from the front and laid out horizontally. The other log swings by behind me as I jump, sticking the landing and running up the log to my right. As it swings upwards, I use the momentum to launch myself into the air, doing a quick twirl and spin as I remove the exploding tags from the bottom of my foot. I wrap them around a kunai and throw in a single motion as my spin brings me back in line with Sakura. She barely dodges in time as the tag goes off, destroying the base of the tree she was hiding behind.
It creaks loudly before starting to fall, and this is my chance - it's falling towards me, like it was all planned out. I keep my momentum going while in the air and flip a few times while the trunk comes underneath me, then stop and drop onto it. It's still falling; I accelerate down the surface with my foot speed and locate Sakura, jumping off early towards her as she stands away from the path of the falling tree. She raises her arms to guard, and I pass through her like a ghost.
"Clone...?" she mumbles. I've already hit the ground, and I shift forward.
My turn.
A punch to her unguarded midsection before she can react as the tree crashes down behind us. She gasps for air and drops her arms; I follow with a three punch combination to the head, making her stumble around like she's drunk as wings beat above us. Next move. A solid left cross that sends spittle flying from her mouth as her head snaps to one side. Next move. An open palm thrust that makes her cry out as she's sent back first into a nearby tree, sending more birds away with the tremors. Leaves fall slowly to the ground as she bounces forward; I plant my feet and turn viciously into a roundhouse kick, slamming her into the tree again and ripping the bark apart.
She starts to land before I move forward and knee her into the air, making her gasp loudly, then accelerate into an elbow strike to the stomach that sends her flying out of the forest, back into the open field. I follow her slowly, watching as she struggles to get to her feet.
"Sakura...listen, you don't have to..." Ino looks concerned.
"That was a nice try with the traps," I say flatly. "But they're useless against someone like me. I didn't have to use ninjutsu to escape that time, so I think you should work on it some more."
"Don't...don't get arrogant," she says, coughing and wheezing.
"You should worry about yourself, sweetheart. Are we done, or do you want me to grind you into the dirt some more?"
"I'm...not giving up! Just bring it!"
I shake my head as she charges, missing a punch. My hand goes around her throat and she struggles to force it off. She's done. I might as well end this mercifully.
"I told you. Know. Your. Place. You are not a warrior yet, don't play as if you are one. Know what you mean to your team!" I yell. "Know your function! Learn about yourself and decide who you want to become! Do you understand, or do I have to beat it into you?"
"Don't..."
"Don't what? Lecture you? Tell you what to do? Open your damn eyes..." I raise my fist, intending to knock her out and end this farce. It's gone on long enough.
"Stop, villain!"
"...!" I throw Sakura to one side and lean all the way backwards as someone passes right over me. A burst of wind rushes by shortly after, and I quickly pull myself upwards before getting into a battle stance.
That was dangerous. I could only feel danger from that last move. Fast, powerful...no release of chakra, either. I stare down the idiot in front of me. Black hair in some sort of bowl cut, a green spandex suit with his headband around his waist, and yellow leg warmers. Bandage is wrapped tightly around his arms, and I can smell a bit of blood.
"Sakura! Are you okay?" he asks with concern.
"..." And his eyebrows are terribly thick.
"What are you doing? Sakura is by no means weak, but it's clear that she's not on the same level as you! If you would like a fair fight, then I will be your opponent!" He makes a sort of...pose. "I am the Leaf's Handsome Blue Beast, Rock Lee!"
"Rock Lee," I mumble. The child with only taijutsu in his arsenal, spoken of from time to time at the Academy. "So you're him. Well...you should know that Sakura was the one who challenged me to this fight. She insisted on it, in fact. Ask Ino."
"That does not matter!"
"Oh, but it certainly does, Rock Lee. Anyone arrogant enough to challenge someone out of their league deserves what she gets. And this was doubling as a teaching moment," I explain. "Sakura needs to pay attention to the strengths of her teammates and learn from them. White knights like you will only stifle her growth."
"This is still unacceptable! All you were doing was bombarding her with your own frustrations! This is not a fight, it's humiliation!"
"I had the decency to do this in private!" I scream. "I did all I could to give her what she wanted, and still protect her at the same time! None of you did the same at the Academy, you shunned and shamed me in full view of everyone else!" I take a breath in and slowly wind down. "Take your arrogance and shove it back down your throat. You don't get to tell me what humiliation is. You've walked into something that you have no understanding of." I take another breath in. "And I assume that you're not going to leave as long as I want to continue this fight."
"That is correct."
"You're a fucking piece of work," I growl. "Then that's it. I'm done. If it soothes Sakura's ego, call it a concession on my end. I couldn't care any less. I am not going to fight two on one, especially with someone who outclasses me to that degree in taijutsu. I would have to resort to decidedly unpleasant methods...and none of you want to see me when I'm feeling unpleasant."
"..." Lee slowly drops his stance and stares at me with curiosity.
"I'm going home. Enjoy the rest of your day."
"Running away?"
I feel my blood freeze as another voice calls to me. "What...?"
"I asked...if you were running away, Kobayashi."
I twitch. My head turns towards Sasuke, and I can see his Sharingan are on. I'm shaking. I'm shaking from anger, and I can't stop. "You...fucking trash. You fucking trash. Don't push me..."
"Why don't you-"
"Sasuke! Stop it!" Naruto puts his arm in front of his teammate.
"Stay out of this, idiot!"
"I said to stop! Leave her alone!"
"You should really listen to Naruto, Sasuke." The shaking stops, and I calm down slowly. Kakashi steps between us. "Don't get carried away. Even if you're recorded a few things with those eyes, you're still not on her level yet. And you know it."
"..." He has his bloodline limit shut off.
"You've used that brain of yours for once." He turns to me. "Feeling okay?"
"Yes...I should be okay. It was just...a bit stressful now."
"I'll handle the rest of this. You should go home and rest, Lili."
"Yes. Thank you, Kakashi."
"Yeah. I couldn't be completely irresponsible, after all."
"I appreciate that. Until the next time," I say quietly.
I walk away from the training field, for good this time.


Chapter 26
Scarlet Justice - ep. 26"Revisions"
I walk home, feeling bitter and upset.
"..."
I really hate to admit it, even a little...but there was something to what Lee said. I was frustrated, and I was using the fight as a bit of an excuse to pay Sakura back. But it wasn't just for fun...I was honestly trying to get her to learn something.
It all turned into a mess.
As I reach the stairs leading up to my apartment, I see that Hina is sitting at the bottom. She's staring out into the world, thinking of something. I know that she's been focused on training lately...
"Oh, Lili. I was...waiting for you."
"Hina. Is everything okay?" I ask.
"I'm fine. I just...wanted to see you. Um...do you think we could go somewhere together? For a while?"
"..." I'm not too sure. I feel tired and like I don't want to do much. But...I want to be there for her, even if I'm not at my best. This time, a compromise should work. "Come upstairs with me."
"Ah...?"
"Come on," I say, taking her hand in mine. We go up the stairs and I unlock the front door before opening it. The lights were off just now, so that means we're alone. "Luna isn't home yet, which means Midori-nee isn't here either. We have the place to ourselves for now."
"Oh...okay."
"Want something to eat? Some milk?"
"Milk is fine..."
I nod and grab a cold bottle from the fridge, along with a packet of sweet biscuits just in case. "Sorry. I'm going to take a shower...you'll be okay while I'm gone, right?"
"Y-yeah. Take your time..."
"Okay, thank you." I head to the bathroom, get undressed quickly, and turn on the water. It's ice cold to start, but refreshing all the way through. I needed this, more than I realized. I simply stand where I am and let the water fall over me for a while, before starting to wash thoroughly. Some of the stress from earlier is disappearing, and I feel much better as I turn off the faucet. After making sure my clothing is put away, I put on a bathrobe and head out to check on Hina.
The biscuits are on the table, but the milk is gone...I see that the door to my room is open. Heading in, I see Hina with the milk bottle in her hands, staring at the bookshelf that consumes the far wall of my room.
"That's where I keep all of my stuff," I say, making her jump a bit. "Don't mind me."
"You didn't seem yourself earlier," I hear her say from behind me. I rub moisturizer into my skin and sort through my underwear drawer before finding what I wanted.
"I had a fight with Sakura earlier. It didn't go well."
"Didn't...go well?" she asks, confused. I see her head turn towards me before she pulls it back, blushing. "Did you...lose to her?"
"I beat her soundly. It's just that some child named Rock Lee wanted to play as a knight, and then Sasuke was there...I feel like I tried to do the right thing, only to have everything tumble down again. It felt like I was back at the Academy."
"I'm sorry..."
"Thank you, Hina. I'm simply tired today...but please, don't take it the wrong way. Whatever you need, I'm here for you," I say as I finish getting dressed. A light shirt and bottoms will work for the evening. I have no plans to head out after this.
"Yes. I'm thankful for that, Lili...um, why did you two fight? She's not...on our level, I mean."
"I know. It was her request. Everything that happened was really her fault, from bringing people along that didn't need to be there, to being stubborn and obstinate, to...just a lot of things."
"I see...I'm sorry again that it didn't go so well. I don't think Sakura is a bad person, either..."
"I feel the same," I say as I stand beside her. "But that doesn't mean I have to like her."
"It doesn't, no. What I see with her...I think, based on her relationship with Ino, she's the type of person that will get sucked in. To more easily cope, I mean. The type of person who thinks that if they work hard enough and apply knowledge, they can fix a situation...or a person." Hina takes a sip of her milk. "It's noble, I think...that sort of thing. Certainly better than being cowardly like I was."
"Her family clearly treated her better," I point out.
"Yes, but...still. It's something good in her, but it's also a weakness. Rather than...the type of person who has enough will to pour our love freely, like you and your elder sister can...she will use herself as a means of healing. It presents a danger if...if that person ends up using her until there's nothing left."
"Referring to Sasuke, then."
She nods. "Yes. I don't think he is purposely hurting her. From the last mission, he looks different. But he is also fearful...somewhat of you. It's tragic, I think. This sort of thing that is nobody's fault, but still hurts so badly. And even if it isn't anyone's fault to start with, this harmful cycle is continuing because he wills it. I...won't abandon you out of compassion for someone else," she says as she looks at me. "I love you too much for that. And you have given me too much for that."
"Thank you, Hina. I love you, too."
We give each other a smile before she returns her attention to the bookshelf. "It's really big, Lili. There are...sections, I can see. Is that right?"
"Yes. Furthest right is where I keep my manga collections. Left of that are the videogames. Left of that is the light novels, and the left of that is the section with long form novels. I have non-fiction in its own section next to it, and then all of the academic material and shinobi stuff."
"That's the biggest section. You really do take it seriously..."
"There's an art to the things I like to do, and much to read so that I can properly experiment."
"Ah." Her eyes fall on a small section furthest left. It's locked and has a door over it. "What's...over there? Furthest left?"
"That's secret," I say. "There are...things inappropriate for little girls in there."
"I-is it...lewd?"
"Not necessarily, though that might be part of it. Secret...personal things," I say quietly. "Dark things. Things I want to keep hidden away for a while, even from my loved ones." I run a hand through my hair. "Not even Luna knows what's inside, and she hasn't asked."
"I...I see. I understand, Lili. I'm sorry if I was too pushy."
"No, no...it's fine, Hina. You were curious. It's natural to want to know. Perhaps one day, I'll show you everything in there..."
"I can wait until then."
"Good." I smirk. "Besides, all the lewd stuff is in plain sight anyways."
"A-ah?" Hina fumbles her bottle a bit and I laugh softly. "Lili...you really are, sometimes..." She frowns and pouts at me a bit. "I don't really understand it. You're a bit..."
"What? Perverted?"
"Maybe that's not the exact word I want to use..."
I shrug and steal a sip of her milk. "My stepmother flaunts her body all the time, and she's probably sleeping with the help. Luna is in a relationship with Midori-nee, and they both have pretty great bodies. I don't know. It seems inevitable that I'll get worse from here on, with those sorts of influences."
"That doesn't have to be the case...I think."
"I think it's too late for me." I pat Hina on the head. "You can remain pure, though. I just hope I'm not too much for you to deal with."
She smiles. "Well, it's...a little racy at times, but I don't mind. I'll always love you for who you are, Lili."
"I'm happy to hear that. So...you wanted us to go out earlier, and I decided to pull you up here instead. What did you want to do, Hina?"
"I really wanted to talk...more than anything. And ask something of you."
I take a seat on my bed and motion for her to follow. She sits next to me and takes a breath in.
"So, what is it you need?" I ask.
"I...I know that you have your own things to take care of. But I was...wondering if you would...h-help me with training."
"Help?" I make a face. "Hina...your specialty is taijutsu, and you make use of a bloodline limit. Not only do I not have a Byakugan, taijutsu is one of my weakest areas. No matter how bad you think you might be, I'm worse."
She looks at me with surprise. "Weakest? But...you move so gracefully and you're so quick, and..."
"I offset that weakness with my speed and chakra control, yes. Which is something that Sakura also did well earlier today. Otherwise...I'm not very good in a straight fight. If we went head to head with taijutsu, you could beat me as you are now."
"I don't..." She shakes her head. "E-even if that is true...I...want you by my side..."
"Listen, I don't think I would be much help-"
"I just think...I think that if you were nearby, I would have some extra confidence!" she suddenly says. "Ah...I meant...I just meant that..." She hangs her head. "Sorry. I..."
I wonder what it is I'm doing. I said that I would help her, didn't I? I said that I would listen, and...did I suddenly lose confidence after things slipped out of my hands earlier today?
I need to focus. Believe in myself, like I said I would. Maybe I'm not good enough to help directly with taijutsu, but I can still do something. I can still help my sister grow. It will cut into the time I have to learn the chakra mode...but Hina has shown me resolve. With that, and such a cute face, how can I possibly turn her away? No, I'm going to find a way. I can be honest with her, and do it for sure.
"Hina, I'm sorry. I don't think I can help you all the way with your training."
"I see...y-you're probably busy with something important..."
I nod. "I'm learning a new jutsu. I'll have to do it on my own, and it'll be tough."
Hina puts her hand on top of mine and nods. "Please...do your best, Lili. I'll be thinking of you."
"Don't talk like that. I'm not abandoning you, Hina. We're going to work together, and help you grow. Just like you wanted. I've been watching you the past few weeks, and I know that your family has left you to work on your own. So we're going to start a new journey together. Encouraging one another as sisters."
"Yes...that sounds wonderful," she says with a smile. "We...we can start with exercise. Together in the mornings before we meet with Kurenai-sensei and Shino. Would...that work?"
"I'm used to getting up early by now. That would be fine."
"Good...that much will make me happy. As long as I can spend time with you, I can work hard. I want to make you proud."
"Your specialized training will be more effective without me," I say. "For that, you need to look inside of yourself. But...Midori-nee taught me a bunch of things that I do on my own already. We can train your footwork. It connects to what you've learned as a Hyuuga and should help. Also, extra things to do with flexibility, and..."
We spend a while talking about possibilities. Hina talks to me about her fighting style and I adjust each idea I get for her sake. The beginnings of a training schedule are in place.
"Anything else that you can think of is fine with me. Lili, thank you."
"It's no trouble. We can start tomorrow. Let's do laps across the village."
"Yes. I'll be ready, then." She smiles and gives my hand a squeeze. I smile and squeeze right back.
The next morning is where it all begins.
Hina's stamina is a bit on the lower side. I don't get much out of the run this time, but she's encouraged to go further with my presence. The time at the Academy comes back to me, with our first partnership. That run through the obstacle course which turned into our friendship.
I really do need to stop coming down on myself. I can be useful to her, just like this. I always have been. Now it's time to help her grow, and become strong like I am. Midori didn't just love me, she trained me and helped shape me. It's my turn to do the same.
Kurenai moves around the D-Rank missions that we're still doing so that they're occurring daily, and are more spread out. This means that we have something every day of the week, but that's far from bad because it leaves more time to train as a result. I can work on the chakra mode every day before taking time off.
"Routine and endurance," Kurenai says before each mission. A test, meant to make us stronger. Managing time and resources, growing as people.
Shino's bug constructs are improving. He seems friendlier now that we've spent so much time together. Definitely taking more pride in the team.
We finish working on substitutions during the week, and he takes time out to talk to me.
"Hinata is growing a bit, I noticed."
"Oh?"
"She seems to be finding herself. Improving, I would say."
"She is," I say to him. "Please watch over her...she does push herself too far sometimes. Her desire is to escape her family's shadow."
"I see. That's...a strong want." He focuses on me. "You're working on your own technique in the meantime."
"I am. Unfortunately, I can't show you the results just yet."
He nods and adjusts his glasses. "Understood. For the sake of my comrades, I'll have to evolve as well..."
I smile and take a sip of water. Shino's a funny sort of guy, but reliable. I'm glad he's with us.
Weeks start to pass. Kurenai throws wrenches into the routine to keep our minds active. I continue running with Hina in the mornings, and she is becoming stronger with each passing way. When she exhales, there is weight on her breaths. She can keep pace as I increase my speed a bit each week. We share a sort of serenity during our runs, where it seems like there's nobody else in the world around us. Our stretches improve her flexibility, too.
All of that hard work has made her first attacking step much faster than before. And to a Hyuuga, that's quite a big deal. Kurenai says as much during our observations, where Hina practices her Gentle Fist forms.
"That's really fast. Even for their clan."
"Really, now."
"Neji is...definitely an outlier, especially for a Branch House kid. A real genius like you. Hinata has really changed." She smiles at me. "Lift your head a little, okay? You've done a better job than even I could."
"Kurenai. Don't fill my head with nonsense."
"Oh, shut up."
"Your training is important, too." I watch Hina move gracefully across the field, breathing in and out in time with her attacks. "She's determined on all fronts. I might be a good motivator, but I'm not the best teacher."
"You don't need to be. You just need to be Lili right now. The rest will come later."
"And if it doesn't?" I ask.
She shrugs. "You'll be like Kakashi. That's a compliment, by the way."
I think of him and his orange book. Well...she's not wrong to call it a compliment. If I can grow up with that level of restraint, I'll be happy.
"Thank you, Kurenai."
"Yeah. Lili...I'm here if you need anything. On and off the field. Life isn't easy, and I know how much a good adult can change your world."
"That's true. I'll be sure to reach out, nee-san."
"...yeah."
Hina completes her drills, and bows towards the three of us. We clap for her, and she gives us a beautiful smile.
Something that I will always fight for.
"Lilith."
It's today while shopping for for frozen treats that I hear her call to me. Today is an off day for Team Eight, and it's warm out. I want to have a day out with Luna and treat her a little bit, as I usually do. She's surprised me in the same way, though our schedules don't always line up properly. It's still nice to do with the limited time that we get.
"Sakura." She's wearing her regular outfit, which means it must have been a work day for her and the others.
"I wanted to talk."
"About?"
"The other day. What you said. What I said."
I move away from the frozen dessert section and into a more open area, then gesture for her to speak. I might as well entertain her attempt at conversation.
"I didn't want Lee to interrupt. I didn't want any of what happened to happen."
"But you created the conditions. Right?"
"...I did. I want to apologize for that. But at the same time...at the same time, you really went too far. Sasuke...Sasuke risked his life for us when we went to Wave Country. I thought...I really thought he died. And Naruto did, too. I don't think of them as bad people, especially Naruto. I just..."
"Slow down. Gather your thoughts," I instruct. She nods and takes some more time to think.
"Sorry."
"It's fine. Continue," I say patiently.
"Sasuke...you should give him another chance. Try to be nicer to him...please, hear me out when I say this."
"You have the floor," I say. "Continue."
"He's not...the person you think he is. He's not violent or bad or anything like that, he's just...alone. And scared, just a bit. Like I said before, he really did his best at all times to protect us. That's why I got so mad when you bad mouthed him, and said all of those things about him. Maybe I'm not as good as you, and maybe I am weak, but Sasuke...he deserves better. I thought that you knowing that might...change some things."
"..." I look at Sakura, processing what's she said. It's all sincere, but...nonsense to me. I don't care. I don't feel anything. Sasuke being hurt, almost dying...experiencing what I did, and still choosing to act that way the other day. That makes it even worse. Why would she...?
She's the type of person to get...sucked in.
Hina's words come back to me. I think I understand...this is how she's expressing her love. Trying to fix someone wounded with the strength of her support. Figuring that this is the best she can do, even if that might not truly be the case. Kakashi has been looking at this, too. It's a hard web to untangle. I feel sorry for her.
I don't feel anything other than that.
"What does he say about this?"
"Huh...?"
"Sasuke. What has he told you about our relationship?" I ask.
"..." She looks towards the ground. "He's...he hasn't..."
"You don't need to say anything. I understand. Let me...tell you what I said to him, the day I rejected his fake apology." I reach past her and open the door, grabbing a bucket of ice cream. "I told him that the only way he could pay me penance is by spilling his blood at my feet. Do you understand why I said something like that?"
"It..." She gathers herself and raises her head. "It was...an accident."
I stare at her for a moment, making her wonder what I'm actually feeling. With a finger, I push the freezer door closed, and glance at the label to make sure I have the right product.
"Yes. Of course it was. Take care, Sakura."
"Lilith-"
"I really should be going. And you should go too. Please understand," I say clearly. "Until the next, Sakura."
She nods and backs down, then turns and walks away. I head to the counter, pay for my ice cream, and head home.
"..."
I wonder how Naruto is doing. He should appreciate these sorts of outings...I'll make more time for him on my schedule.


Chapter 27
Scarlet Justice - ep. 27"Ascend"
As time passes, I feel my speed rising.
I can string together seals a bit faster for all of my jutsu. My ability in dealing with illusions has improved. And of course, I have better movement speed. These all happen to be areas affected by the chakra mode that I'm training for, so my regular training is especially fruitful recently. There's less time spent resting and I can leave Hinata to her own work at least some of the time. Because of that, I can work a bit harder on the new technique. It's working out well.
Some more downtime, and I decide to pay someone I know a visit. It's been a long while...
I reach the Academy complex and walk towards the schoolhouse. Like a trip through my memories, almost.
"I guess you wanted to relive those old days, then."
"I might have," I say to the man in front of me. "It's good to see you again, Iruka-sensei."
"Same to you."
"Can you spare a moment for a former student?"
"Always," he says with a smile. "Drinks are on me."
"Appreciated."
We sit together in the cafeteria. He has his coffee, and I have a cool bottle of milk. There's nobody else in at the moment, which makes for a relaxing sort of atmosphere.
"Sorry that I wasn't there when you got back from your first mission."
"It's alright," I say to him from across the table.
"How have you been doing otherwise?"
"Very well. Hina and Shino are great teammates, and Kurenai has been taking very good care of us. A proper schedule and everything, enough time for us to train and rest. She's taking her work seriously, while not being as uptight as expected."
"Asuma has been showing her the ropes, I think. They've been good friends for a while. And we used to talk about promotions and possibly becoming instructors. Kurenai has always been good about work, level-headed, and really steady when push comes to shove. Of course," he says with a smile, "having a genius on her team would be relaxing, you know?"
"I see."
We sit in silence for a few moments. It's possible we're thinking of the same thing, so...I should get on with it.
"I...you're probably aware of the reports from my first outing," I say.
"I had a read, yeah."
"You must have wanted better for me, Iruka-sensei."
"I don't know if that's-"
"It wasn't something noble. We should get that out of the way quickly. It wasn't...just a simple response to danger. It wasn't something good. I accept all of that, and the person I am." I look into his eyes. "I really did enjoy myself."
He nods. "We have different ways of dealing with life on the battlefield. Lord Hokage must have said as much to you."
"He did."
"We all want the ideal for our students. To be strong and skilled, yet at the same time friendly and compassionate. Beacons of light for the village. The Fourth was like that. A person you could firmly call good, who was also firmly on our side. Beloved by all. That's why his death hit so hard, and why so much fury was turned towards Naruto, who became the Nine-Tails' container. One of those things that isn't anyone's fault to start, but spirals out of control. As a community, we should have done better by him from the start. And...the same goes for me."
"You lost...people."
"My parents. They died protecting me in the attack."
Those are heavy scars. It explains a lot...and it explains why I feel this way about him. Naruto became someone he was willing to give his life for. That ideal warrior. He doesn't seem to realize that he's one of them. Perhaps because he's not as strong in battle, but he has the resilience part down, at the least.
"I know the truth, Iruka-sensei."
"The truth?" He blinks.
"Is your back okay? From the Fuma shuriken."
"..." He takes a sip of coffee and sighs. "My back is perfectly fine by now. He told you everything that happened."
"He told me everything that happened. And he told me what he was."
"You accepted him."
"Yes. All of him."
He chuckles lightly. "As you would, Lilith. Without a second thought."
"And you accept me, don't you?"
"I do. I talked to the Hokage, and he...made mention of your attitude towards the whole thing. I was looking for things...detachment, indifference...little sorts of indicators that pop up through the years as an educator. Things that might say this or that person isn't coping well with the stress. I didn't get any of that, so...I left it in Kurenai's hands. Seeing you now just confirms all of it. It's uh..." He smiles nervously. "A little bit scary, though. One of those sorts of, uh, apex predators, in the form of a little girl. I'm guessing your sister and Miss Daidouji...I mean, Luna. They're okay with this?"
"They are."
"Hm. That makes sense, too. The world of the elites has that sort of...animal kingdom thing going on. You know, with the flashy colours and signalling and all that."
"...hm." Thinking about it, it does put a spin on my stepmother's style of dress. Asserting dominance, perhaps? Interesting. She seems to get more complex by the day, that woman. "A compelling argument, sensei."
"Right? But...well, listen. I don't think any less of you, or see you as any...no, that's not entirely true. You are different now."
"How so?" I ask.
"Well...I would say you're very much a woman now. Not legally, of course. But you're all grown up, Lilith. That much is visible."
"That's quite a thing to say, sensei. A woman, now. What does that mean for us?" I ask playfully.
"Nothing that extreme, to be clear."
"Hmph." I pout at him. "So much for that."
"I don't want to know what 'that' is either," he mumbles, taking another sip of coffee. "Though, if you want the mature experience...I guess we can start small."
"What do you propose?"
"Adults call each other by name, right? I wouldn't say we're equals, what with you being so much stronger than me...but it's a good way to start off."
"That means you'll call me Lili from now on."
He smiles. "Right. Lili it is."
"I might still call you sensei from time to time...but Iruka sounds good as well. And since we've reached the moment where we're no longer master and student...where we're just two people, together in the world..."
I place my hands on the table and look up at him.
"This is something entirely serious, Iruka."
He nods and gives me his attention. "Please, go ahead."
"Thank you for everything you've given me. Your guidance, and your kindness. The understanding and gentle nature you showed me, over and over. And for seeing me as a woman, here and now. I will surely protect this village, and all of your dreams."
I smile for him. I hope it's as beautiful as he has been to me.
"Thank you, Iruka. I love you."
Time continues to move.
Kurenai and I work in one of the village's many weight rooms, all tended to properly with the amount of people that pass through them. It's the same as the mansion back home - the help did work out regularly, for some reason. Perhaps Emi had something to do with it...
"I guess this was a good thing in the end," Kurenai says from beside me. She's spotting as I use the leg press this time.
"What was?" I ask.
"Getting out-hustled by a twelve year old girl. Keeps you humble," she laughs. "Not often I feel like going all out, especially on off days." She wipes at her face with a towel.
"I see. There's never been a sense of competition in these things," I say to her. "Just focus on completing any objectives set."
"A marathon instead of a race."
"Not even that. A light evening run to clear my head."
"A little haughty, no?"
"A little. But it is my way."
"It's no wonder you're this strong."
I grunt before settling into the last set of my repetitions. "You're not a believer in being born talented and rising from there, as many greats did?"
"From one girl to another? Bullshit. That's never the whole story. I can name plenty of people who were born in the so called lower clans, or just clanless outright that rose up the ranks. Faster than people who have been groomed their whole lives, even. Only thing genetics determine is how high your ceiling is, and even that's not something conclusive."
"Lifting your limits, then?"
"Asuma and I were talking about it the other day. It's possible, at least I think so. But you can start off talented and then just squander it, pretty easily too. Then there are kids like you, who come from outside of every shinobi circle and blow all the boys and girls steeped in tradition away. You have to wonder. How many people with even half the stuff you have are out there, just tilling fields or making soup, something like that?"
"I assume you try not to think about it too much." I stop and Kurenai locks the machine in place while I exit. After catching my breath, I find the rack with clean towels and a provided spray bottle.
"Yeah, I don't. It's a little overwhelming at times. For me, at least."
I nod as I disinfect the work area. "We are not designed to worry about everything under heaven and earth."
"Yeah. But a few things here and there, at least."
"We change our worlds, and then our world together."
Kurenai ruminates on that as I wipe my face with a clean towel.
"There's a little cafe nearby, out of the way. The chicken is good," I say to her.
"Feeling like steak today." She rubs her stomach.
"I see. The usual place, then. After our showers."
"Good. See you out front when you're done."
I nod and rest on one of the benches nearby, sipping on water. Today was good.
Still much to do, but it will be done in time.
"It's been about a month since I gave you the scroll. Any progress?"
I meet Kakashi at the usual place, which is the training ground where he and his children work. Apparently their teamwork hasn't increased as expected after the Wave Country mission; they're cohesive when they need to be, but have reverted to some of their usual bickering and antics. Individually, they are all improving...some more than others.
Kakashi and I have been doing checks every so often to monitor my progress. Last week, we didn't get to meet. That was coincidentally the same week I made the biggest strides.
Well. I'm ready to show off a little. I roll my neck from side to side and let out a breath. "Shall I show you, Kakashi?"
"That would be nice, yes." He turns another page of his book.
"Oh, Lili! What's going on? How come you're talking with Kakashi-sensei?" Naruto asks as he enters my view.
"I thought you were going with Sasuke and Sakura to eat," Kakashi says.
"Eh...they both blew me off again. They're getting kind of close for some reason...it's weird, ya know? Normally Sasuke would tell her she's annoying and just walk off all surly-like. These days, they just...I dunno, whatever. Kakashi-sensei, you're supposed to be teaching me a technique, and I know you have time now! It's been more than a month!"
"You're not ready. Ask me later," he says while continuing to read.
"Aw! You always say that!"
"And there's a reason for it. Actually..." He closes his book and looks at me, lifting up his headband. The Sharingan in his left eye is already active. Or...ah, I see. It doesn't turn off, does it...
"Eh? Kakashi-sensei, what's-"
"You want to see a cool technique, right?"
"Uh, yeah! Yeah, I do!"
"Good. Then shut up for a moment and watch." He gestures towards me. "Let's see it, Lili."
"As you wish."
"Lili?"
"Be still, Naruto. Watch me work," I say gently to him. He nods and takes a spot beside Kakashi.
I hold my arms at my sides and clench my fists. The chakra flows through me, filling me with warmth. I can feel myself vibrating slightly. This is my control. I have it down...so there's no need to delay things.
And I shift.
A quick twitch of my muscles makes the chakra burst outwards from my body, surrounding it in a blue-white shroud that flows upwards. Arcs of lightning jump across my body and flare up from the chakra shroud itself. I feel...like I'm control of the world around me. I feel good.
"You managed to do it. That's...seriously impressive," Kakashi says.
"W-whoa." Naruto can't find his words.
"..." It wasn't enough to just reach this point. It would never be enough, anyways. "The daughter of heaven saw fit to love me, as someone closer to her than one born with the same blood. And so, I allow you to bear witness to the strength she has gifted to me."
"Lili...?"
I remember now, clearly. I was born Lilith.
But my mother called me...always called me...Lili.
"A flower of heaven." I can hear her voice, even now.
"Hold on," Kakashi says as my chakra builds. "You can't mean..."
I grit my teeth and focus further. I can feel my body being flooded with energy, making my weight shift and my vision blur for a moment. The hair on my skin is standing upright, the arcs of lightning are brightening and lengthening. Energy is rippling outwards to the point of pushing away the grass at my feet.
And then the excess energy explodes outwards, in a shower of lightning and sparks, before settling down around me. Another level...another step closer to the place where I belong.
Kakashi looks at me with awe before gathering himself. "Naruto. I want you to throw a few shuriken from where you're standing."
"Eh?"
"Aim high, too."
"What?! Kakashi-sensei, if I throw from that close, I'll-!"
"Listen. It's perfectly safe. Just do as I say, alright?"
Naruto looks to me, and I give him a reassuring nod. He nods back and takes three shuriken out of his pouch. This form is...actually a bit difficult to hold at the moment, but with time it won't be a problem.
"Here I...go!"
He throws the weapons at me...from this distance, I normally wouldn't be able to dodge, and blocking would be extremely difficult, even if I could react in time. Even if Naruto's throwing speed isn't the fastest, this is deadly territory for most shinobi.
And yet.
Everything is...so slow as I focus. I can dodge easily, and I watch as the shuriken fly by. I can count the points on them leisurely, even as my energy burns away. Letting them fly away would be a waste, though...
"Hm."
I focus further and swipe the shuriken out of the air. One, two, three. They're in my hand and I feel like I've had enough of the chakra mode for today. I have it shut off and the world returns to normal as I stop.
"How...but...the...it's weapon...buh...fast." Naruto waves his arms in the air. "Fast! How! So fast, how did you move so fast?"
"Ah...alright." I hand Naruto his shuriken back and pat him on the shoulder. "So. How did it look, Kakashi?"
"Well..." He rubs his chin. "A bit more work on it would do the trick."
"Work?! More work?! What are you talking about! Kakashi-sensei, didn't you see the way she-"
"Naruto. Relax a moment," I say to him. "Kakashi is right...it does need some more work. I can go further and improve the second stage. And...if I increase my stamina more, that will make things even easier."
"You...can go faster? Than that?" he asks in awe.
"I can. That was just pure foot speed...if I were to use a body flicker in that state, then...mm. Things for later, I suppose. Thank you for supervising my progress, Kakashi. You've been a great help."
He lowers his headband and opens his book again. "I didn't do much of anything aside from give you the scroll. This was all your power, Lili. But see me again if you ever want to learn that other jutsu one day."
"I'll consider it. Perhaps with this in hand...mm. I'll see you boys in a while."
"Nice girl. I guess I understand why you have a crush on her, Naruto," Kakashi says as I leave.
"I...I mean she's...we're...ah, shaddap!"
Ino and I run into each other later in the week, after another routine D-Rank mission in the village. She has something on her mind, so we find a tree nearby and climb into it to sit.
"It's about Sakura. I'm sort of worried about her."
"Did something happen?" I wonder if it's about our meeting the other day.
"It's not about you, if you're wondering. Though...it kind of connects to how she handled it." Ino tilts her head back. "She and Sasuke are getting close."
"Jealousy?"
"You'd think. I mean, that's what I assumed myself off the bat." She pulls her head back into position. "But it's not. It's genuine worry, and I dunno where exactly it's coming from. I just have the feeling that they're...not in a good place, and are sort of pushing each other forward in an unhealthy way. You know what I mean?"
"Hina was theorizing on that the other day."
"Hinata? Huh. Well, she's no dummy, but...yeah, that's some insight from her. It was about...um, Sakura sort of trying to fill the gaps in Sasuke's heart, or something like that?"
"Yes. Using herself as a method of healing."
"Right. I'm...worried about things like that. Sasuke is a lot. I mean, he's handsome and junk, but the deeper I look, the more comes up. I don't want Sakura to hurt herself. As opposed to Sasuke hurting her, I mean. He cares a lot, but he's still just a...scared kid at the end of the day."
"So I've heard."
"It's hard to believe from your end...which is why I'm confused there, too. Why does he...go after you like that? You never spent that much time together at the Academy, you never hurt him from all we've seen, so...is it some kind of trigger, or a psychosis? I wish I knew. It's hard to do all of this analysis without making excuses over and over..."
"I suppose. Ino...I have my own bias, too."
"I know. I can't just make that pain go away. I just wish we could start, you know? Untangle all of those webs. Geez, I'm sorry. This is depressing."
"It's what friends are for. Though...it must be tough like this."
Ino laughs. "Two mutual friends who hate each other? That's easy mode, sweetie. You don't need to worry about me getting torn between loyalties...life finds a way, and so do I," she says with a wink.
"Shrewd, aren't we?"
"And that's what makes me so lovable."
"You would say that." I pause. "Ino..."
"If I do need anything, I'll let you know. Seriously. I just...wanted to vent. I hope things will be okay on their own."
"I understand."
"Well...I'm gonna meet up at the shop with my dad. Come by for some flowers one of these days, yeah?"
"I'll be sure to."
"Holding you to it," she says as she drops out of the tree gracefully, blowing me a kiss as soon as she lands. I watch her leave for a moment before turning my attention to the afternoon sky.
"..."
Time. It's supposed to be a great healer...but I realize some things will need more than just that.
Today is a splendid day though, and there's no need to work myself up.
Luna is making my favourite for a late lunch: grilled salmon, and spicy curly fries. I can't wait.


Chapter 28
Scarlet Justice - ep. 28"Above Charity"
Another day. Another easy C-Rank mission, escorting a small caravan to a town in the nearby countryside. Nothing like the excitement of my first mission, but...it's not exactly disappointing, either. I get the chance to bond with my team. Kurenai tells us about her younger days, doing roughly the same missions, partaking in Leaf tradition, and trying her best to balance being a young girl with being a kunoichi.
With the mission being easy enough, it means we make it back with plenty of time to spare. Kurenai tells us something after we leave the mission desk.
"Asuma suggested a joint lunch with our teams. Just to get familiar and unwind a bit. If you guys decide not to come, then that's okay too. No pressure."
She means that, but it might be bad form not to show up. I think about it while soaking in the bath.
Comrades and friends. What did they really mean to me? Could I possibly get close with more people, especially those in my year? The 'ice queen' reputation has spread far and wide by now. Although...it reminds me that our team has already been together for a few months. But it feels like much, much longer than that. Hina is growing up more with each day, and I train with her in response to her wish for strength. Kurenai has definitely taken on the role of big sister in our group, teaching us and nurturing us at the same time. She looks after us as a group and individually whenever she can. And Shino is much easier to read than when we first met. He still has that way of talking and expressing himself that would be a bother to others, but we're all over that now. As long as we can communicate with him, it's fine.
There are obviously things to improve along the way, but this feels good. It feels right.
"Solidarity..." I get out of the bath and clean up, then head to the kitchen for a refreshing glass of milk. The clock tells me there's still plenty of time in the day, and Luna is at her dance classes. She has been slimming nicely, and a touch lighter on her feet, I notice...
I suppose I should show my face at the gathering. There's no harm in it, and supporting my team is well worth the effort. I decide to go with a very casual look; a shirt with 'hime' written on the front in Western script, and a pair of jogging pants. It's not a special occasion from what I've been told, so...this should be more than fine. I finish freshening up, put my armband on, shuffle into a pair of comfy slippers, make sure the doors and windows are locked, check for my pouch with money and essentials, and then clear the apartment stairs with a light jump. Okay, good to go.
I walk down to the restaurant where we're supposed to meet - the barbeque place that Kurenai took us as a reward for our performance during team building. It's called Yakiniku Q and is frequented by Asuma and Team Ten; they go here after missions and to celebrate special events. Shino has arrived ahead of me, waiting at the front. He spots me and nods.
"Kobayashi. So you decided to come."
"I didn't have anything else I was going to do," I say with a shrug.
"Maybe reading one of those novels you like so much?"
"Maybe."
"Did you complete it?"
"Yes, I did. But I'm not going to show it to you here," I reply. "Perhaps some time this week during training."
"I look forward to it. In order to be an effective teammate, I need to be able to measure and compare our levels of skill. Why? Because it's then easier to make ourselves compatible on the battlefield, and achieve greater success."
"Oh? Sizing me up, then."
"Well..." He pushes up his glasses. "Who knows?"
I smile. Definitely stubborn, this boy. Well, it's fine. A little competition fosters growth, after all. Hina and Kurenai come in next, with our sensei wearing a silk blouse and jeans in place of her normal wear. She sure knows how to dress.
"..."
"What?" she asks me.
"Nothing," I respond. "You look really nice."
"Thank you, Lili."
"I'm sure Asuma will appreciate it, too."
She scoffs and rolls her eyes. "I knew it. Listen, we're not dating as I've told you a thousand times before. We're just good friends and I wanted to be relaxed for this outing."
"Uh-huh," I say lazily. "Well, since we're all here...shall we head inside?"
"Yeah. Everyone else is already waiting."
We step inside and have a look at the interior. Certainly spacious, with plenty of tables and chairs, as well as more open areas so that people can rest on the floor if they like. This is also one of those places that has us grill the meat at our tables...the food is quite excellent, and it's good to come back here after the first time. Asuma waves to us with his team behind him.
"Good that you guys made it. The booths usually seat six at a time, and we're a big group. Maybe we can get a long table?" he suggests.
"Sure, that works," Kurenai says. "Lead on." Asuma nods and we all follow him to once of the longer tables, with cushions placed on the floor where we're supposed to sit. The table has two charcoal burners embedded in it, with pairs of tongs nearby for cooking our meals.
"Already ordered up, so the food will be arriving soon. Go ahead and have your seats," Asuma says. Kurenai predictably takes a spot beside Asuma, the guy she surely isn't dating at all. Yeah, right.
I don't commit to any place right away, and let everything fill up before taking the empty space in front of me. It's near the end of the table, with Shino on my right and Shikamaru on my left. To the left of him is Choji, who is impatiently waiting for the food to arrive. The boy does love his nourishment, from what I know. I'm in a decent mood right now, so I suppose I should introduce myself politely to Shikamaru. Not my first impression, but hopefully a good one. We have yet to talk formally and-
"Ah, this kind of thing...gathering with a bunch of stiff people on my day off. Honestly, what a pain in the ass."
"..." So this is all he knows. I see. "Oi, Ino. This guy's your teammate? This loser?"
"Yeah, I know. Annoying."
I drop all pretenses, since this is how he seems to want it. "Men-do-ku-sai, men-do-ku-sai, yah-yah-yah. It's always the same for you. Everything is mendokusai. Class is mendokusai. Training is mendokusai. You're beyond annoying. You're the worst."
"See-"
"Hey. Why not shut up for a moment instead of complaining. You see? It's so called men like you that drive women into each others' arms," I say with an icy tone. "Let me guess what you were going to say...that women like me are troublesome. Good, it's much better that way. It means we're out of reach of slackers like you."
"Why is your tongue so sharp?" he complains. "This is supposed to be a bonding event."
"Shut up. Who was the one saying that all of this was a pain in the ass and a waste of time?" I shoot back. "Learn your place."
"..." He's quiet after that, letting out a sigh.
Asuma and Kurenai are enjoying themselves, which is nice to see. Shino is being quiet as always and keeping to himself completely. Ino has given up trying to carry conversation with him and has turned to Hinata. They're hitting it off, but that's expected after spending some time together in the Academy for flower arranging.
"Someone anti-social like you...why would you come out to this kind of thing?"
I'm tempted to ignore Shikamaru, but I also figure it won't hurt to talk. At the least, bouncing back so quickly from my earlier verbal thrashing is a welcome surprise. He's laid out on his side now, propping his head up with one hand.
"I'm not anti-social," I say as I lean back on my hands. "I'm selective in who I speak to."
"Yeah, well. A lot of people think you're an icy bitch. I can see why they think that."
"Hmph. It seems better that they think of me that way," I reply. "I don't care for most people. It's always been that way."
"I realize you're not actually a bad person. Just a vicious woman."
"Yes. Your compliment is noted."
"You're really troublesome to talk to."
"Yes, I know." I pause a beat. "May I ask a question of you? Or would a reply consume too much of your remaining energy?" I ask.
"Did you really have to add that in?"
"Yes."
He grumbles before letting out a breath. "Fine. What is it..."
"Why do you not put effort into anything that you do?" I ask him.
"..." He's annoyed at the question. I don't care how he feels, frankly. "I'm not sure what you're trying to get at."
"The only person in our graduating class with worse grades than you was Naruto. He's a natural-born meathead." But he's definitely lovable. Quite stupid sometimes, but very lovable. "Your father is the Jounin Commander. What's your excuse?" I ask firmly. "Don't tell me it's bad parenting, either."
He winces before answering. "School just isn't my thing."
"Yes, I suppose. It must be hard finishing tests if you sleep through most of them."
"..."
"You could stand to be more responsible. I don't know if you're also secretly a genius, but you can do much better either way. And for the sake of your team, you should become more competent."
"..." He sighs in his usual manner.
"But I'm not really here to lecture you. And I don't claim to understand you, either."
"Why say something like that?" he asks.
"We come from inverted worlds. You, born into a world of shinobi that you would rather escape for a life of leisure. Myself, born into a world of leisure that I've escaped to take on a shinobi's life."
He raises a brow. "So...you're not going to bail at the next opportunity."
"Why would I? I made promises to loved ones. I'm going to become a jounin one day soon."
"You're really insane, you know that?" he says. "You're rich. You're a noble. You can spend your days in the countryside, you can do whatever you want."
"None of that means anything to me. Before this place...I only had myself to rely on. I was alone, and tired of life. Here, I get to feel the warmth of loved ones and comrades...it feels a lot like lying in the sun. I just want to feel that sort of warmth forever. Experiencing pain and loss, making bonds and even losing them one day...those are all better than never living at all. Than never getting the chance to...be someone."
"..."
"I know it doesn't make sense to you."
"No...no, it makes perfect sense," he says. I give him a surprised look. "It's definitely a pain in the ass, but it makes sense. Those sorts of feelings...it's no wonder you got so strong. And you've helped Hinata grow a lot as well."
"So you noticed after all."
Shikamaru makes a face. "Yeah. My eyes are sharper than I'd like...it means I have the responsibility of looking out for danger when I can. That really is a drag." The way he talks is more annoying than Shino at points, but I can clearly understand what he's saying.
Though he thinks of himself as a coward, he cares deeply for his teammates. He cares about a lot of things, and when push comes to shove, he would jump into action. Those strange quirks and his laziness don't change who he is as a person. I suppose...this is the true value of getting to know people. Discovering the goodness inside of them.
"You're not as bad as I thought," he says, bringing me out of my thoughts. "Actually, you're not bad at all." A smirk. "Just a huge bitch, honestly."
"Sincerely, this time...I appreciate your praise, Shikamaru."
He shrugs and gives me a lazy smile. "Yeah. I guess."
"Finally...food's here!" Choji yells. The plates are set down on the table, with our large companion practically salivating.
"Ah, that's the only thing he really gets excited for," Shikamaru mumbles. There's a faint smile on his face as he says that.
"You would know...what it's like to pick up a fallen friend," I say to him.
"They always said he was too fa-...I mean, plump, to do much of anything. Called him stupid and all kinds of names. But he ate those chips that Mom kept putting in my lunch, even after I asked her nicely not to. Choji is a reliable guy, so I want to keep supporting him no matter what. I know that Hinata feels the same about you. Well, actually...it has to be a stronger bond between the two of you. She's been abused since she was small..."
"Yes."
"And it resonates with you because of what you must have gone through. It's more than words between you, I guess."
I laugh softly. So he saw all of that at a glance...full of surprises, this one. He's grown on me already. "You slacker. You'd better put that brain of yours to use the next time that I see you."
"Ugh. You're gonna kick my ass if I don't, aren't you?"
"Yes. I'll have Ino arrange for it." I pick up my tongs and decide what I want to cook first.
"Shit...you really are a pain in the ass, Kobayashi."
"Yes. Naturally," I say.
He shakes his head and picks up a piece of meat with his tongs, putting it on the grill nearby.
The rest of lunch goes well. Our food is excellent yet again, conversation is decent, if a bit stilted at times, and there are no fights over food or anything else. Team Ten seems reliable on the whole. The latest Ino-Shika-Cho trio...I wonder if Asuma training them was the luck of the draw, or it was by design as the Third Hokage's son. Anything is possible.
Shino disappears like the wind - social outings don't seem to be his thing. Kurenai follows Asuma and Team Ten down the road. And I decide to walk Hina home today.
"It was nice today, wasn't it?" I ask her.
"Yes. Though...I didn't expect you to talk to Shikamaru so much."
"He has some interesting insights...the problem is that he needs a lot of motivation, or to just be tricked into doing something of importance. Somehow he'll survive, despite being such a slacker."
Hina giggles. "You do seem to bring out the best in people, Lili."
"Somewhat...I guess more comrades are nice."
"They always are." We reach the gates of the Hyuuga compound. "I'll see you soon, Lili."
"Of course, Hina. Please take care."
We share a hug before Hina approaches the gate and is escorted inside. The Hyuuga posted outside give me their usual dirty looks.
I show my appreciation for their kindness by flipping them off once Hina is out of sight. My blood starts to heat up slightly, thinking of her worthless father and what he might be doing to her. But...there's no point in giving into anger right now.
I'll deal with them in time.
Today features another visit from Midori. With Luna's appetite satisfied for the night, she sleeps soundly in her room, mumbling lewd things through her dreams. We leave her to her sleep and cuddle up on the couch together after dinner. I always love times like this, and there are never enough of them. I wish that Midori could stay here all the time, but she has business in her world that's very important. It seems to be heavy at times, and draining...sometimes she falls asleep in Luna's arms soon after her arrival, and we found out she's gone for days without rest.
I want to protect her like she protects me. One day...I will.
"Midori-nee? Can I ask a question?"
"Yes, my love. Anything you want." She holds me close and strokes my hair gently, just as she always does. I always feel like melting away in her warmth...sometimes I do fall asleep like this, and she doesn't do a thing to disturb me.
"I...it's a difficult question..."
"Please. Tell me what it is," she says soothingly.
"What are you afraid of, Midori-nee? What scares you the most?"
"Hurting."
"Hurting...? Do you mean pain?" I ask.
"No. Pain to me is...different. All of us can deal with pain, I think, but hurting...hurting is something else. When I hurt, it...paralyzes me. Makes me completely useless. Hurting is the thing I fear the most." I feel her squeeze me a bit tighter. "I do many things to avoid hurt. I change the feeling into anger, and deliver retribution. Or sadness, that turns to resolve. Compassion, that turns into determination."
"Why do you not like to hurt, Midori-nee?"
"Because...I blame myself for a lot of things. If I had been able to overcome it all earlier, I feel like...things would have been better."
"I..." I feel badly now. "I'm sorry..."
"No. Don't apologize, Lili. I said that I would answer you. I promised."
"You're right. I just wanted to know," I say quietly.
"...there were two beautiful beacons of light, long ago. When I was abandoned to the winds, by a family that has lost all of their faces in my memories, those two gave me hope. A reason to continue to exist. They taught me how beautiful humans could be, and I learned how to look into the soul itself because of what they instilled in me."
"Please...who were they?"
"Imperfect, loving humans. My uncle and auntie...Hayate and Ari. Both fragile, hard-working and joyful people. They protected me. They raised me. And they...gave everything for me. It was because of that hurt, that paralysis that I could only watch them disappear. And even though...it was what they wanted. Keeping me safe from harm. I still curse myself because of it."
I know that feeling. That sort of hurt, from being there and still being useless, unable to do a thing as someone so precious to me slipped from my grasp.
"Did they have a wish for you?" I ask.
"Yes. To never go back to the person I once was...and to become a beautiful, shining empress."
"You're making their dream come true." I lift my head slightly to look into her golden eyes. "You are a beautiful daughter of heaven, who has blessed me with love and strength, Midori-nee. You're a person to be proud of."
Sometimes...even those who shine brightly need reassurance and comfort. Her smile is beautiful and warm, and I'm glad that I can be there for her as I am. I want to keep growing, so that one day...
...she will never have to hurt like that again.


Chapter 29
Scarlet Justice - ep. 29"Say My Name!"[Chuunin Exams: Prologue]

A few days have passed since the lunch outing. Hina and I add another to our exercise group.

"Running this early is a good idea. I don't know why I didn't think of it," Kurenai says. We're doing our daily criss-crossing of the Leaf, which started as part of our experimental runs in the early days. The local support gave Hina a bit of confidence, and people have expressed to me that they find it inspiring to see a member of the Hyuuga Main House working hard every day. They don't get out much or mix with what they like to call the rabble. Logically, it makes sense. Socially, it's stupid. Personally, it's what I expect from a clan filled to the brim with savages who pose as human beings.

"It's too bad that...Shino couldn't come with us," Hina says as we run. "It would be nice to have us all together..."

"You're too concerned about that idiot," I say. "If he wants to stay home until the official time, then let him. A good child, but clearly a hassle when it comes to anything social."

"Still..."

I sigh as we continue moving through the Leaf. It's just past dawn by now and we pass other regular runners who greet us as usual. Something...has been bothering me, though. I've taken note of people who aren't from around here, specifically from other villages. If it's not their clothing that makes them stand out, it's their reactions to the weather. Some seem to find even this day far too cold, which says a lot.

"Sensei...there are a lot of foreigners in lately, no?" I ask Kurenai.

"Something like that. Seems like an event is coming up soon...I'll ask Lord Hokage about it later, since I'm not sure what it's about either."

"I wonder...what it could be?" Hinata asks. "This time of year has a lot going on, I think..."

I shrug. "Who knows. Hopefully it's not a bother for us."

I see Kurenai glance upwards briefly, before returning her focus to the road ahead. I wonder if she's expecting something after all...maybe. I don't want to worry about it.

"Let's speed up a bit, ladies."

I take the lead and accelerate, feeling them fall in line behind me. The colours of the Hidden Leaf start to blend in the sun's light.

"Ah...w-wow..."

"So this is your power, Kobayashi."

I show off the first stage of my chakra mode today. Kurenai has left us to train on her own, citing a sudden errand she needed to run. Now that I've had plenty of practice, it's much easier settling into this form. The second stage will be reserved for emergencies, but...with time, that too will change.

"I wish...I had that kind of talent," Hina says. She straightens up a moment later. "But I can work on my own craft..."

"You're doing well, Hinata," Shino assures her. "Because not all of us can be geniuses like Kobayashi here."

"Thank you, I appreciate hearing that. Um...Shino? I wanted to ask a question."

"Of course. What do you require of me?"

"I wanted to know why you always call Lili by her family name. Is it...something you do as a custom? In the Aburame Clan?"

"Nothing like that. I simply do it because...it's cooler that way. Having a teammate that you call by their family name exudes prestige and mystery. It makes our team look a lot cooler."

"Mm...I see..."

"Boys are complicated like that," I say as I release the jutsu. "So don't worry about it, Hina. Although...I guess according to that metric, it means I have a masculine aura?"

"Correct," Shino replies confidently.

I give him a wearied look. "You really can't read women, Shino."

"Perhaps." You're not supposed to admit to that. "But I can read you and Hinata well enough. You don't mind those kinds of labels as much as Hinata and Kurenai-sensei do. Image isn't something terribly important in the eyes of the world to you, Kobayashi."

"..." He's not wrong, at least. And I admit that being called by my last name in that stoic kind of voice does add cool points. Hm. Maybe boys aren't terribly hard to understand after all. "I guess I'm fine with that."

"Right." He pushes his glasses up. "And I've been thinking for a while...you should also have a nickname. Something to be feared."

"Something like that...does Lili need one?" Hina asks.

"Yes. It increases the power and range of her aura. Something like...the Red Tornado of the Hidden Leaf, for example."

"I-Is that really that powerful?" She already seems like she's believing it, so most likely.

"Who knows. Maybe you can try it out while introducing me, Shino." I think on it for a moment.

"Alright. I'll find the proper opening."

"Is that really okay, Lili?" Hina asks me.

"It's fine. We'll work something out," I say with a lazy wave. Well, now I have to figure out a super cool name or else Shino will do it for me. And his sense of aesthetic is nothing compared to mine, so I have to make it in time...I'll consult with Luna and Midori as soon as I get home later today.

This is a matter of extreme importance.

"Oh, you're still here." Kurenai has returned, with paperwork, apparently.

"You're still running errands," I say to her.

"Almost done. This is one of my last stops, and these are for you."

She hands us a piece of paper each. These are...

"We just had a meeting regarding the Chuunin Selection Exams. I know it's early, and it might seem like a bit much...but you've all progressed nicely and made many great strides so far. As a result, I've nominated all three of you for these examinations. If you choose to decline, they take place twice a year. So...you can back out, if you want. Room 301 in the Academy, 4 pm tomorrow. That's the deadline for you to hand those papers in."

"You're sure about this?" Shino asks.

"Yeah, I am." She gives us all a sunny smile. "I believe in each one of you. Don't forget that. Well, I've got a bit more work before I can turn in. Make sure you're ready for tomorrow, and remember...it's all up to you now. I'll be seeing you."

She disappears in a cloud of smoke.

"Dramatic exits at this hour," I mumble. "Hmph."

I'm terribly excited right now, though I don't let it show on my face. The place where legacies begin: The Chuunin Exams.

Finally...it's time to get started!

The day shifted as soon as we left the training field. It became unbearably hot for some reason, and hasn't cooled down much since. I thank the heavens for this wealth of ours, because it allows us to bless ourselves with the wonders of central air.

It's still hot, though. I take a shower as soon as I come in, and Luna is dressed lightly for the day. Midori is visiting again, and she's laid herself out on the couch in her underwear. Her fan waves back and forth in one hand. I wear a light shirt and shorts on account of the heat.

"Ah. So the examinations are happening this soon...very interesting," she says.

"We had an important discussion earlier. I need a cool name. Shino will ruin it if I don't find one first."

"Oh, we can't have that. Hmm...need to think of something."

"I have ideas," Luna says as she wipes down the kitchen table. "Something flashy...how about...hm. What about Crimson Flash?"

"Something with snakes in it," Midori says. "Bloody Fang."

"Red Devil, maybe."

"Blood Serpent."

"Flame Tyrant!"

"Sanguine Sidewinder!"

"Maroon Marauder!"

"Carmine Cobra! Luna, what the hell?"

"What? What's wrong?"

"Your naming sense is horrific!"

"Horrific? Me? What are you talking about with...Blood Serpent? What even is that?!"

"Maroon Marauder? Are you drunk at this time of day, or what?"

"I was just saying the first thing that came to mind!" Luna yells.

"Maybe you shouldn't next time," Midori says.

A huff. "Well, excuse me. What should I come up with next, something you'd like, right? Why not Deathstroke the Terminator? Is that edgy enough for you?"

"You've got a mouth on you-"

"Don't get smart with me-"

The two of them can really get into it over the silliest things. It isn't a serious argument - it never is with them, far as I know - but I'd like to settle it soon. Something cool...flashy, yet not too much so. Something that's definitely a bit scary, and adds to the power of my aura. An intense feeling that builds each time it's uttered by people in this world and the next.

I want them all to say my name. And I want them to tremble as they do it.

Midori wants...something with snakes.

Luna wants...something with colour.

They're two parts of me. Important pieces that I want to carry with me always. I want to honour them as well.

Midori sees me as...a predator. Someone dangerous in the most beautiful way. Striking and withdrawing in an instant, before my prey can react in time.

Luna sees me as...a princess. A girl with a head of beautiful scarlet hair, that should be cherished and protected. Someone who deserves to be waited on until the end of her days.

I understand who I am now...so it's time. The world will soon know my terror.

"This is my time...to show everyone what I'm made of."

Luna and Midori stop their bickering to look at me. I cross my arms and stand tall.

"I will lead my comrades through with my strength. For those who believe in me, and for those who have supported me, I will become fury itself. My name is Lili Kobayashi...the Hidden Leaf's Scarlet Viper!"

They both clap happily.

"What a powerful debut! It's perfect!" Midori says.

"You look amazing! So cool!" Luna says.

I allow myself a smile and toss my hair back dramatically. Yes, that did sound cool, didn't it? Mission accomplished.

"So you're going to sign the form, right?" Midori asks me.

"Yes. Of course I was going to do that," I say. I really was...I mean, eventually.

"It should be a foregone conclusion, you passing the exams, but Kurenai did say you don't have to do this right away. You're still young, you know."

"Trying to discourage me?" I ask as I sign the form properly.

"Goodness, no. I'm just thinking out loud...hopefully your teammates don't have similar thoughts. It would be bad if they did."

"Hmph. I wonder who you think I am, Midori-nee. If there's a problem, then all I have to do is show my face to them, and calm their hearts. We fight this fight together, or not at all."

"Ha, well said." Midori points her fan towards the door. "Then show them your strength, Lili. Onward!"

"Onward!" I call back. I head through the door and to my next destination.

The Aburame District is familiar enough to me, and I find Shino's home from memory. Modest in size, yet with an interesting look. It's isolated, and surrounded by trees. An ideal spot for the Leaf's premier bug-using clan.

Shino is outside, and there's a man with him who looks a lot like him, save for the moustache. His glasses are also different, and seem quite expensive despite the simple look to them. Interesting. The two spot me, and I wave as I approach.

"Shino, is that your teammate?" the older man asks.

"Yes, Father. Shall I introduce you, comrade?"

"No need," I say with a wave of my hand. "I'm the Scarlet Viper of the Hidden Leaf," I say confidently. "Lilith Kobayashi. But Lili is also fine."

"So you're Kobayashi," he says. "Interesting aura..."

Yes. There's no doubt that this is Shino's father.

"I am Shibi Aburame, the current head of the Hidden Leaf's Aburame Clan."

"It's an honour meeting you, sir." I shake his hand without hesitation.

"You have good eyes, too. So what brings you here, Kobayashi?"

"I came to reassure my comrade of my participation in the Chuunin Exams. My paper is already signed."

"You don't need to worry about that. I have things to prove as well," Shino says.

"Then I will see you at 3 pm tomorrow."

"Of course."

"Good. I'm going to check on Hina. Shino, Master Aburame...until the next."

"Kobayashi."

"Yes?"

Shino gives me a thumbs up. "It's a good name." I see Shibi nod in approval behind him.

I return the gesture before taking off.

I arrive in front of the Hyuuga estate and wait for Hinata to come out. The guards give me dismissive looks as I stand in front of them with my arms folded. As said before, I will deal with their arrogance in time.

Hinata emerges wearing a pure white robe, trailed by several members of her family. They seem displeased at the sight of me.

"Lili..."

"Hina. I've come to check on you..."

"I know. I...was thinking about whether or not I should take the exams this time. I wasn't sure if I was ready. But...standing here, looking at you...I know what I have to do."

She produces the form, and I can see her signature on the bottom. I smile.

"Together...we can do anything. That's why no matter what happens, I'll follow you. To the end of the world, to the many hells and back again if need be. I will follow you, forever and always, Lili."

"Hina...thank you."

"I should be thanking you. You're the one who gave me life again. My precious family."

"I promise we'll make it through to the end. Count on me."

"I will."

"3 pm tomorrow. Shino will be there with us. We'll prove ourselves as Team Eight!" I shout.

"Yes!"

"See you then, Hina!"

I wave before taking off again. The stage is now set...all I have to do is make a few more preparations.

Upon my arrival home, I smell steak. And my favourite curly fries, now in a spicy hot flavour. Luna can't handle it, but she thought I would be able to.

They're great. Delicious. A new dimension of heat and flavour.

"It must be because you were born a western child...I can't handle that sort of heat," Luna says.

"So you've assembled your team," Midori says to me at the table. "Well done. The first hurdle is cleared. Now you simply have to take on all challengers, but that won't be a problem, will it?"

"It won't be, Midori-nee."

"Do your best...and no matter what happens, I will always be proud of you, Lili."

"The same for me," Luna says. "Be strong, and come home to us as a proud kunoichi. We'll be waiting."

"Thank you both." I give them a grin. "This Scarlet Viper won't let you down."

It's 3 pm.

I arrive at the Academy building as planned. Shino and Hinata are already waiting for me.

Time to take the lead. For honour and glory.

"Shall we go?" I ask.

"Yeah," Shino replies.

"I'm ready," Hina says.

"Okay. As soon as we get inside, we can..." I trail off as I notice something ahead. It's...a box. With eye holes.

"It seems there's an obstacle in front of us," Shino says.

"Ah? You're right. Looks tough, too...maybe I should use a technique to get rid of it..." I have a few snakes poke out of my sleeves.

"W-wait!" Confirming my suspicions, the box rises up to reveal three idiot kids inside. One with goggles, another with glasses and yet another stupid bowl cut, and the last is a girl with her hair tied upwards into twintails.

What even is...

"Devil-nee-san! What's your plot this time, huh?" the goggle-head asks.

"Hm? Devil sister...what's with that title?"

"You're trying to tempt Naruto-nii, aren't ya? I know you are!"

"Tempt? Naruto?"

"Yeah! We saw you with him at the ramen shop! Don't you know he already has a woman?!"

I sigh. Hina isn't taking it well, either, what with her crushing on him. "We're just friends, idiot. I could care...I mean, it's no business of mine who he dates. I'm not interested in guys."

"Not...interested?" He looks confused.

"Not interested. You'll find out what that means when you're older. Let's go, team."

"Wait! Devil Sis!"

"What..."

He stands proudly and points towards me. "Remember the name! I'm Naruto-nii's rival and future Hokage, Konohamaru Sarutobi!"

I raise a brow. This kid is the Third's grandson? Well, I'm sure he would forgive me if I gave him a few bruises for his idiocy...but that's good to know. Interesting, too. Might as well give him something for his trouble.

"My name is Lilith Kobayashi, the Scarlet Viper of the Leaf. I'll be sure to remember you, Konohamaru Sarutobi."

"Y-yeah!"

"We really should get going," Shino says.

"Plenty of time. No need to worry," I reply. I give Konohamaru one more glance before moving ahead.

Spirited little child...and Naruto's apprentice, apparently. With the same amount of meat to brain ratio. Which means he's probably learned that transformation art too. Annoying.

"..."

But then, it's nice to see the next generation already being nurtured. Hopefully Naruto's better traits rub off on him.

We enter the building on the bottom floor. Some teams are still milling about.

"Alright, Hina."

"Yes." She activates her Byakugan without a sound and scans the area. "There are...a lot of people on the second floor for some reason. I think there's a genjutsu there...the third floor where we need to go is mostly clear. I think we should...avoid trouble..."

"On the other hand, we can scout a good deal of our competition," Shino points out. "Information is king."

"Um...it's up to Lili, as our leader."

I close my eyes and think. Hina has a good point in that we could avoid problems, but Shino brings up an equally strong point in that we can gain information about our possible foes. We still have forty five minutes before the deadline.

No...I know what I want to do. Have a little fun at someone else's expense.

I turn to Hina and grin, making her sigh in response. She knows my answer just from that.

"Time to stir up some trouble on the second floor~"

"P-please don't do anything too dangerous..."

"We should be fine, Hinata. After all...the most bloodthirsty person in the examination is probably in our group," Shino says.

"Oh? Is that how people see me?" I ask.

"Somewhat."

I shrug. "Well, I guess it fits. Let's head up while we still have time to waste."

And so, up the stairs we go.

The game is afoot.


Chapter 30
Scarlet Justice - ep. 30"Rule of Cool"[Chuunin Exams: Prologue 2]
As we head to the second floor, I notice there's something off immediately. I taste the air around me to make sure. There are two men posted in front of room 301, bullying anyone who comes close to them.
"You should turn back while you can. This test is no place for weaklings."
"Tch." I would recognize that tone anywhere...unfortunately. "Why don't you step aside, and get rid of that genjutsu while you're at it." Sasuke.
"That's right. We saw through it as soon as we came here. This is the second floor, and that's room 201 behind you," Sakura follows.
"Yup!" Naruto chimes in. He has no clue what's actually happening.
I could feel their chakra from my own scan...the ones in front of the now revealed to be fake door don't feel like genin at all. They've cleverly transformed in order to weed out the weak-willed participants. That's why everyone is up here, for the most part...but with Team Seven uncovering the deception, everyone seems more confident.
Pretty boring. They didn't have to blurt everything out, but I wouldn't expect much else from a couple of arrogant brats. Naruto excluded, obviously. Kakashi sent them on their way here too, then...bold move. Let's see if it pays off.
"I thought I smelled fear. So you've arrived...Lady Hinata."
A voice dripping with self-importance calls to our group. I turn my head to look at the boy with pure white eyes...ones that look the same as Hina's, but only on the surface. I can feel it bleeding out from him.
Murderous intent.
Hina lowers her head at the sight of him. I understand immediately...perhaps not physically, but he's abused her psychologically for a long time. Him, along with everyone else in that wretched clan. I don't know if I can forgive them for that. Perhaps I really shouldn't. I'll decide in time.
"Brother Neji..." Even her tone is deferent. It's like...she's transformed back into the person she was when we first met. I can't take much more of this...watching this happen again.
"Is this your group, then?" Neji asks. "I never thought I would see so many rookies appear at once, but I suppose your instructors had something silly to prove. It's too bad...you don't stand a chance. There's a reason we waited a year before participating," he says. "Why would you do something so silly, Lady Hinata? Surely you know your importance to the clan? To Lord Hiashi?"
"I...simply wanted to...prove myself," she says shakily.
"How? By coming here and dying?"
Hina stiffens.
"Don't be so silly, Lady Hinata. You understand the situation," he says with a sardonic smile. "There's still time for you to-"
"No. I can't." She raises her head, and I can see the fire from before return. "I know you worry, Brother Neji. But...I can't this time. And I won't." She grabs my hand and meshes her fingers with mine. I can feel her calming down. "This battle isn't just my own. I have to fight with those I care for...my comrades. I don't want to run away any longer."
"Your foolishness will only get you hurt, Lady Hinata," Neji responds. Clearly unamused that his tactics are failing.
"It's better that I feel pain...than nothing at all. These bonds are worth that much and more."
I squeeze her hand and smile. "The Hinata you knew once before...is on the verge of disappearing," I say.
"And who might you be?"
"Shouldn't you introduce yourself first?" I reply. "I'm not sure that's any way to treat a lady."
"Is that what you think?"
"She might be a ruthless bitch, but she has a point about etiquette," Sasuke says as he interrupts. "Neji Hyuuga, right? The previous year's number one rookie."
"And you must be Sasuke Uchiha. Second in this year's class...no?" Neji replies with a smirk. Sasuke growls, his eyes narrowing.
"Wonder what number one looks like," a girl nearby says. Her brown hair is tied into twin buns, and she wears a unique looking blouse. Beside her is Rock Lee. So this is his team...a year older, and containing at least two strong people. Both taijutsu specialists.
"Ah...it's the villain!" Lee shouts, pointing at me.
"Villain?"
"Yes, Tenten! The villain who attacked the fair Sakura! The one who I was telling you about earlier!"
"This shorty?" Tenten says with a smug smirk. "I can't believe any of that, sorry."
"You'd better believe it, ya know?" Naruto shouts back. "She's the one who flattened Sasuke in sparring! And she's our class number one by a mile!"
"She is an elite without peer," Shino continues. "The strongest member of Team Eight, and the future of our village. Top rookie of this year's graduating class, and an extraordinary red-haired talent from a far away land, tearing her prey apart with bloodied fangs hardened in intense battle. She is the Hidden Leaf's Scarlet Viper...Lilith Kobayashi."
Well done, Shino. Absolutely beautiful.
"Scarlet...Viper?" Neji murmurs.
"W-what a terrifying name," Lee says, recoiling.
"Whoa...that's super cool!" Naruto shouts.
"So it seems you've aligned yourself with a pair of idiots, then...a shame, Lady Hinata. You deserve better."
"They are not idiots. And they're the best teammates I could ever ask for. I will stand by them," Hina says firmly. "Without exception, Brother Neji."
"..." Neji turns on his heel, walking away. Tenten follows him, and Lee seems to have disappeared.
"I'll be sure to crush you when I'm done with that scarlet bitch," Sasuke says to Neji.
"Prepare yourself. I'll show you why Hyuuga is the strongest clan in the Leaf, once and for all." Neji continues walking, and Sasuke chooses to turn his focus on me. His Sharingan seem to glow in the light, and I feel my blood stirring. 'That' side is becoming restless.
Hina squeezes my hand tightly...I get the message and force myself to calm down. For her, at least.
"There's no need to stir things up this early, Sasuke. She isn't worth it," Sakura says.
"I'm sorry, but you don't get to say things like that," I say to her. "Not after I already beat you like a rag doll."
"Tch...!"
"Know your place, Sakura. And as for you," I say as I turn back to Sasuke, "when you're 'done' with me, you said? That's funny...you don't have enough stamina to handle me no matter what you do."
"What?"
"You heard me, boy. I'll run you ragged and make you beg for me to stop. Why don't you quit being moody and focus on what matters, like passing this exam. Right now...you're not worth my time. None of you are."
I face my friend and stare him down.
"Not even you, Naruto."
He gives me a cocky smirk in return. "Heh. We'll see about that. Things have changed a lot since our last fight, ya know. I've got a whole new bag of tricks, Lili..."
"I'm sure. We can see just how much you've changed..."
"Yeah..."
I like this. The look in his eyes, determined and defiant. Healthy competition. He wants to beat me as badly...no, maybe more than Sasuke does. I'm excited for that...the possibility of going to head to head with him in battle. And I'm sure he is, too.
But now isn't the time, sadly.
"Hina. Shino. Let's move. We have somewhere to be," I order.
"Yes."
"Understood."
I give Naruto one last look before shoving my way past Sakura and towards the wide hallway. The stairs to the third floor are just ahead.
"Halt!"
"?" I look up to see Lee, already standing on the third floor. He jumps down in an instant and lands in front of our group.
"So...not only are you a villain, you are the number one rookie?" he asks.
"Yes. What about it?" I reply.
"I did want to test my skills against Uchiha first, but...your villainy and reputation have piqued my interest. While we have time, I would like to challenge you!"
Now? What the hell.
"We have company," Shino says. I look to see that Sasuke and the others are watching. Dammit.
"I am the Leaf's Handsome Devil, Rock Lee!"
"Yeah, we've met. Lilith Kobayashi." This guy is seriously annoying. And...did he just change his title from the last time? How many does he...actually, I don't really care.
"Please, allow me to test my skills against you."
My cynicism is on full blast.
He's either genuinely curious, trying to force my hand, or some mix of both. Entirely possible with his single-track mind.
"Yeah! Lili can blow thick-brows away with that technique!" Naruto yells suddenly.
"Hm?" Lee's eyes widen with curiosity.
Seriously. I love him, but that boy is a damned idiot at the worst times. Well, now what. Do I oblige the meathead in front of me, or just decline and stay out of trouble?
There's a correct answer. I'm agitated, and a fight would get me loose again. Maybe...hm.
"Lili...I think you should keep that hidden," Hinata says quietly.
"I agree," Shino says, backing her up.
My teammates have my back, as always. I'll follow their advice.
"You two are right," I say to them. "I'll save my power for the exam proper."
"Thank goodness," Hina says.
"A wise move. Showing your fangs too early might be to your detriment," Shino follows.
"Aside from that...I'm tired. I'm not interested in more challenges from nobodies and sore losers who end up beaten down anyways. Rock Lee...if you want to fight me, you'll have to get in line with everyone else."
"..." He seems disappointed. Good. Idiot.
"Almost twenty minutes remaining. We'll go." I walk past Lee and hear commotion a moment later. Seems like he's chosen to deal with Sasuke instead, like he wanted. We ascend the stairs, and I hear what is definitely a Naruto yelp before a loud crash. Hinata winces.
And then shortly after that, there's another loud impact...a kick, I assume. I shift one eye to the side so I can see what's happening.
"..."
Sasuke is floating in the air, with Lee at his back.
Lee's power has drastically increased, as I can feel it in the air. I wonder what kind of technique he's using...it's clearly some type of taijutsu, since he can't do much else.
"Hina. Can you see it?" I ask her.
"It's...the Inner Gates..."
No wonder. Being able to open those along with that taijutsu would make him a force to be reckoned with. But...I can figure him out, just like everyone else. He isn't the biggest problem, especially not right now.
I tune out the noise coming from downstairs and we reach the real room 301 at last. Fifteen minutes to spare, nice and early. As I like it.
"We made it without incident," Shino comments.
"Barely," I say. Naruto is getting strangled for a while once this is over. Someone then suddenly appears in a cloud of smoke. This scent...one in her rotation that I recognize quickly. "So, did our nee-san come to see us off?"
"You're annoying, you know that?" Kurenai responds as the smoke clears. But yes, your sensei did come to see you off. And to see if you passed the real test."
"Test?" Hina asks. "Aren't we...already on our way to it?"
"Yes and no. That whole thing about the exam being your choice wasn't the whole truth. If only one or two of you showed up, I would have to send you home. The Chuunin Exams have to be taken as a three-person unit no matter what, just as I nominated you. A good leader organizes their team and also makes sure they're prepared for their missions. Not just physically, but mentally and emotionally. Lili going to each of you is proof of that preparation. She also didn't pressure you into joining. She simply demonstrated her resolve, and the two of you followed because of your trust in her."
"So...the option to back out wasn't really an option. We had to want to come together as a team in order for this to work."
"That's right, Shino."
"Hmph. What a stupid test," I declare, putting my arms around Shino and Hina's shoulders. "Even if it meant waiting another six months, I would follow these two anywhere. And you of course, Kurenai." I give her a wink.
"You're too cocky."
"Hmph."
"But seeing that confidence, in yourself and your teammates...it makes me happy, too." Kurenai steps forward and places a hand on Hina's shoulder. "You've come such a long way, Hinata. I'm proud. Please remember...no matter the outcome, we will always be here for you. Shino, Lili, and I...we'll never toss you away, or be ashamed of you."
"I understand, sensei. Thank you...you've given me so much hope. I won't let you down..."
Kurenai nods and turns to Shino. "Shino. All you have to do is be yourself. Sometimes being uncool is part of teamwork, and I know you can handle being out of the spotlight for a while. Look after your comrades, as you always do."
"Yes, sensei. I will be vigilant."
She nods and then turns to me. There's an intense look in her eyes.
"Lili...I have just one request. If anyone should bring harm to your comrades...please erase them without prejudice. No matter who they might be."
I know what it is she wants.
I will embrace my true self. Just as she has asked.
"Orders received, sensei."
"Thank you. I'm proud of you all for coming this far, and happy to know that I'm...well, I guess I'm like your big sister after all, as much as I try to be a serious adult."
"The Kurenai we've known...and the Kurenai we will know. They're the same, and they're both beloved. For you...we'll give our all," I say.
"Thank you."
"But there's something else. Isn't there?" I say accusingly.
"Ah..." The look on her face says it all.
"You made a bet involving us."
"Mm...w-well. Kakashi and Asuma each promised me a year's supply of liquor if I ended up with more chuunin students than them at the end of the exams..."
"And if you lose?" I ask.
"I...um..." She presses her fingers together. "Asuma wants me in a maid outfit every other day of the week for three months. And Kakashi...he wants me to read the entirely of Icha-Icha Tactics...out loud. In public."
"I don't understand the true nature of this punishment, but...it seems like we have to become chuunin now," Shino says.
"Unnecessary pressure? Sensei, how awful of you," I tease. "Mm...I would suggest asking Luna for outfits, but she's a bit bigger in some areas..."
"We h-have to succeed...Kurenai-sensei can't be subjected to such...l-l-lewd things!" Hina says with determination, even as she blushes deeply.
"Listen...don't worry about me too much, yeah? Haha. Like I said, just do your best. Okay?"
"We will, Kurenai. Luna and Midori-nee will be having tea today, and they would love some extra company. You should drop by."
"I'll do that. Team Eight...good luck." She smiles and disappears in a cloud of smoke.
"The stakes have been raised. Sensei loves her drink...let's get this done for her," Shino says.
"Fine by me. I was going to aim for the top anyways," I say. "Hina, ready?"
"Y-yeah!"
"Okay. Let's rock." I push open the doors and walk forward.
The room is filled with all kinds of people. People who don't look like the ideal shinobi, people who are flashy, people who are clearly out of their league, all sorts that would be labelled weirdos and freaks. There are young and even older people, from many different villages. Everyone's gathered near the back of this large room, and it's getting restless. There's frequent intimidation. And...
...and this discount killing intent is the most boring thing I've ever experienced. Are any of these people, these posturing punks, actual killers? Perhaps a few...but they're keeping to themselves as I assumed they would. Midori did say as much, that the real killers never talk about killing or present themselves as violent...they attack without warning, and leave without a sound.
Yes. True artisans.
Naruto has made it up, from the sounds of it, and yells something that I don't quite make out. The entire room seems to be focused on him now.
Well, that's just how he is. Ever confident, and ever optimistic. Hina's confidence is boosted a bit more, I notice. I understand why she's so smitten by him, now especially.
I can sense a few interesting characters scattered around. Some weird looking guys brooding on top of the desks, from some village called the Hidden Sound. I don't know much about that place, but I get a strange feeling. There's a boy with red hair, close in colour to mine, with a large gourd on his back. He's standing with a blonde girl - who has fantastic looking legs - and another boy with a black hood and something wrapped in bandage on the floor beside him. They're a team from what I recognize as the Hidden Sand. There's another person from the Leaf that I don't quite recognize, wearing glasses. He's fiddling with cards, or...something. Naruto's team is here, of course. Ino and her team - which explains what Neji was muttering about earlier regarding the amount of rookies. All nine of us, huh. Well, we can see what comes of that. Neji's team is assembled. And then other idiots I don't care for.
But there's something curious...that's Kiba Inuzuka, isn't it? I haven't seen him in a long while. He's with two people that I don't recognize either...that makes ten of us from the graduating class. Hm. This should be quite the experience...
"Team Nine is an unknown to us," Shino says. "Perhaps we should greet them."
"Not a bad idea. I'm curious as well. Follow me," I say as I walk into the hostile crowd. We cut through easily, thanks to some strategic use of my murderous aura, and end up in proximity of Kiba's team.
Kiba himself hasn't changed much, if at all. Akamaru is camped inside his jacket, looking like a dog usually does. Happy to be with his friend, and a good child from what I remember.
The next person of note is quite easy on the eyes. A girl with chocolate brown skin and featureless hazel eyes. Her hair is white, and neatly combed into two puffy clouds that sit on both sides of her head. She has a spiked collar around her neck, which matches neatly with the rest of her unique outfit: stockings made out of netting, a black dress with zippers all over it, and shredded, fingerless gloves that extend past her elbows. And it's all topped with a splash of pink lipstick.
The last member is sitting against the wall nearby. He has short black hair that looks like it's held in place by some invisible force, making it shoot straight backwards horizontally in the form of hard spikes. On top of his head is a large crow. He wears long cargo shorts with what seems to be a chain mail body suit underneath, and a white vest on top of it all. His gloves are jet black and look to be thick and heavy. As he stands, I can see that he is quite tall, and fairly muscular.
"Hey, you guys made it!" Kiba says as he notices us.
"We did," Shino says. These two got along decently at the Academy, so I can understand why Shino wanted to see how he was doing. "So this is your team?"
"Yeah! These two trend towards the quieter side, but they're good people," he says with a grin. "We've got enough in common. The lady over here is Erika Kotowari."
"..." She pauses a while, and I can only assume she's looking at me with the same interest I gave her a moment earlier. "It's nice to meet you all," she says in a cool tone. Very businesslike...almost mechanical. She seems to be a precise sort of person.
"Cool. And the big guy over here..."
"Phantom the Dark."
"..." I realize he's entirely serious. "It's good to meet you, then."
"Dark is fine as well..."
"His name is Koichi Nagano," Erika says smoothly. "Phantom the Dark is his alias. We have respected his desires and refer to him as such, except in cases where his legal name is needed for legal or administrative purposes."
Koichi...or Dark, sighs. "Rika, that's not very nice of you."
"You have continually failed to respect my agency."
"Rika is nice. It's aesthetically pleasing."
"I am not pleased by it. Aesthetically or otherwise."
Phantom the Dark...it's taking all I have not to cringe outwardly. What a loser.
Kiba, Erika, and...Dark, then. Fine.
"Who's the character on your head?" I ask, referring to the crow on...Dark's...head. He seems to be patiently observing the world around him.
"Oh, that's Eddie. We're connected by a dark ritual that gives us both overwhelming power once we-"
"Ninja crow," Kiba and Erika say at the same time.
"Right, understood. Good luck to you," I say, wanting to get away from this weirdo as soon as possible.
"Yeah, we'll see ya later! Try not to choke too much on our dust when we take off into the next round!" Kiba says as he and his group leave. "Yahoo!"
"Kiba hasn't changed at all," Shino notes. "Though that's good in its own way, I suppose."
That sounds agreeable.
Time winds down to about a minute before things are set to begin. The Sound shinobi are suddenly on the move, trying to stir up trouble. I sigh and make sure we're out of range of their foolishness.
And it's then that I hear it.
"Settle down, you trash! Take your seats!"
Well. Here we go.


Chapter 31
Scarlet Justice - ep. 31"The Great Beyond"[Chuunin Exams: First Round]

It's a roar that rips through the area. Nobody dares to challenge the source of the voice, coming from the main entrance to the room.
A man in black, sinister looking with a black bandanna and deep scars on his face. He's flanked by numerous shinobi wearing the same type of grey uniforms. There are two signals I can recall from earlier...they must have been the ones scaring off the weaklings earlier. But the feeling I get from the man in black...it's very strong. Powerful...in a captivating way.
"You Hidden Sound idiots over there. I'll tell you and everyone this, one time: you don't get to fight unless I say so. I'm the law around here, got it?"
Everyone remains silent. He smirks.
"That's what I thought. Thanks for waiting...my name is Ibiki Morino, the examiner for the first test of this Chuunin Selection Exam. If you're interested in a quick exit, go ahead and piss me off. Let's get the test started. Don't worry about where you're sitting right now, first off. My assistants are going to happily pass along numbered tiles to you. Once you're all in your seats, we'll hand out the exam papers."
"P-p-p-papers?!" Naruto screams. "Paper TEST?!"
Oh, right. He's awful at those...bad luck for him. However, I suspect that there's more to this test than high scores. Let's see how it pans out...there are multiple parts to this experience, after all.
I get my number and settle into my seat. Ah, wonderful. A spot in the middle, right up front and close to the action. Tile 50.
Hm. Amusing.
I flick my tongue at the air briefly. Hinata is a ways ahead, meaning she got a lower number...about two rows, and to my right. Shino is three rows behind me, to my left. Our positions are locked in for the rest of this test. There's a young man in glasses directly right of me, and he seems to be in his twenties, maybe. A fair bit older than me, at any rate. To my direct left, there's a child who I can guess is only a year older than me at best, if not in the same year. He seems nervous...hiding it badly, but nervous all the same.
The 'elite chuunin' that are part of Ibiki's crew hand us our papers face down. They tell us to wait for instructions. Ibiki stands at attention until the very last sheet is placed, and then he begins writing on the blackboard at the front of the room.
"I'll explain the rules to you once. No questions, just pay attention," he says.
Sakura opens her fat mouth anyways. I record everything that Ibiki says, and the rules are thus.
Each participant starts with ten points in hand. The points system works by deduction. Each wrong answer takes a point away from our score of ten. A perfect score means that we keep all of our points, so we would have ten of them at the end.
Next, it's a points rush. This means teams are competing to see who's left with the highest score out of 30 at the end, or the combined score of each three person group.
And then, the most important rule as stated by Ibiki. The chuunin acting as officers will be seated on both sides of the room, watching for infractions. Cheating or anything similar will result in a permanent two point reduction if caught. This means that in the case of a perfect test, if you're caught cheating once the highest score you can get is eight points out of ten. We can cheat four times within this system, in theory. The fifth will leave us with a score of zero no matter what, and at that point we will be asked to leave the exams entirely.
But of course, this life isn't our own.
Losing all of our points or scoring zero will eject us from the exam, whichever applies first. But this is a team exam. If one of us scores zero, then everyone on the team will be forced to leave. In other words, we are only as strong as our weakest link. One person falling apart means that we're all done for. No matter how good you are, or how much potential you might have.
Naruto is some distance ahead, and I can see him clutching at his head in despair. He's definitely feeling the heat now.
"Make sure that you hold your heads high, and finish the test as proud shinobi," Ibiki says. "The exam will last one hour, no sooner and no longer than that. We start in sixty seconds. Good luck to all of you."
I let the information simmer, and then realize more than a few things. Cheating wouldn't be allowed according to the rules and would be immediately punished. But this is a wide open, spacious test room where anything can happen. Uchiha and especially Hyuuga wouldn't be allowed to take a test in a room like this under normal circumstances. It's far too easy for them to cheat by taking someone's answers with their doujutsu.
And with that, I understand the plot.
"Alright...begin!"
Five chances to cheat before being disqualified. Special ability and mystic eye users in a cut-throat examination scenario. Not just visual arts. Communication with animals. Special chakra signals. Secret jutsu. The list goes on. I flip the paper over, and all my thoughts are confirmed.
These are not questions genin children are meant to answer.
We have to cheat to win.
Now...considering all of that. It isn't an absolute, at least in my case. I've experienced a few of these sorts of questions before, thanks to a sheltered, elite upbringing. So that comes out to at least seven points easily, on my own. But this is a team effort, and I have to reduce the risk of Shino and Hinata failing. Already, I can sense the transmissions of chakra...those who understand are starting to move.
I casually run a hand through my hair. There it is...
"Good."
The small bug crawls into the safety of my sleeve and rests on my wrist. Shino is now accounted for, so now I would like to take care of Hina as soon as possible. She has yet to move...it hasn't clicked for her yet, it seems, but we will have a wealth of time before the exam ends.
The final question...is a dizzying one. We have to wait until forty five minutes pass before it's even asked, since it's not actually on the test paper itself. Is this another trap of sorts?
"Ugh..."
Oh. I had forgotten about the two people near me in the midst of my thoughts. The one on the right is answering questions confidently, as I assumed he would once the test was revealed. I can use him to funnel answers to Shino, perhaps. The one on the left isn't having a great time. I see him glance over at me once or twice. Suspicious, but I don't think he has anything that can bother me. And if he does...well, I don't know what the rules are regarding self-defense here. Best to think on it a bit more.
I pick up my pen and start to leisurely answer questions. And of course, I will show all of my work. It's only right. No need to rush anything...I will wait until Hinata starts to move before doing anything else.
Although...I really am curious about-
...
...
...
...is...someone here? Inside of my head? It's a strange feeling, like I'm floating right now.
"Hello?" I call out.
'She' is restless. There's...another chakra in here. But that doesn't make any sense, does it?
I can't move my body well. I can see outside, but it's like looking through a window. Paralysis? No...it's not that I'm frozen. It's...'resistance'. Something is pushing against my consciousness.
What...why is this so difficult? What's with her body?
That voice...so that's what this is.
Ne...is that you, Ino?Ah? No wonder I'm having difficulty, you're still awake in here! And...and there was another you I passed by. She kept trying to bully me and was saying...d-dirty things!Oh, I see. Yes, that was my S half.
Your what? Lili, what do you even...n-never mind. It might be too much for young girls. But...yeah, you caught me. I guess you know what I meant to do.
I do, yes. Oh, could you get that loose strand of hair for me?
Yep, one second.
I feel Ino move my arm, brushing back my hair for me.
Is that good?
Perfect. Thank you.
No problem. Sooo...you haven't written much of anything yet. How come?
I'm waiting for the promised time. Our team is going to synchronize soon.
I hear her sigh.
Oh. Well, that's bad luck for me, then. This jutsu takes up some energy.
I see.
Hmm...well, she's technically competition. But I do find her lovely, so...I think it should be fine, at least this once.I can give you a bit of service, Ino.Yeah? How so?
Do you see the young man next to me? He's pacing himself, but he's cleanly and confidently answering each question. At this rate, he'll be done soon. If you enter him the next time you use your technique, you should have a very easy time.
You're...helping me? Why?I'm feeling very confident, and...well, that's what friends do, don't they?
Lili...I'll be sure to pay you back. I don't know how, but I will. Thank you...
Of course. Good luck, my dear Ino. And you can come back in to visit any time that you like~Eh...I'll have to give that one some thought...you're seriously wild...
I find myself fully awake and back in control of my consciousness. What a unique experience. Another useful bit of information for the future.
Oh, it's time. Hinata's chakra is moving, and so is her pen. Ino is starting her technique again, so I steal a glance at the man beside me, and...out he goes. Good work, Ino. I stand up and let Shino's insect move ahead to Hinata.
"Bathroom, please~"
A pair of handcuffs are secured around my wrists. The men's and women's rooms are predictably in opposite directions. I'm led to my stall where I close the door behind me and unbuckle my belt. Right...those just in case kits on the inside of my cargo shorts, in small hidden pockets. Lessons from kunoichi classes led me to making small capsules for the emergencies we so frequently talked about.
As for the exam...I made sure to write Ino's name lightly at the top of my exam sheet, inside of a sentence of course, so that it isn't easily gleaned. Shino should have picked up on that and acted accordingly. I have my own system of communicating which I've whipped up, so we can test it once I get back...
A loud thumping interrupts my thoughts. "Hey. Don't take all day in there," my woman escort says.
"You have more than enough manpower in there. Should be no need for you to rush me," I reply.
"Sorry that I don't like waiting for dumb brats on the toilet all day."
I roll my eyes before pulling up my tights and shorts, and buckling my belt again. I wash my hands and dry them with paper towel...she's watching me carefully to make sure that I don't take any extra. There's no problem there, since I already have some tissue paper stashed underneath my waistband. Just in case.
"Are we okay now? Or does the pretty princess want to make sure I'm not cheating extra hard?" I ask mockingly.
"You've got some nerve, you little bitch."
"I've got it in spades, you old bat."
She snorts before pulling me roughly by the arm, back towards the exam hall. I get back to my seat and she unlocks my handcuffs. "Don't worry too much. I'll make sure to pass so that I never have to see your wrinkled face again," I say with a cruel smile.
She makes a face before shaking her head at me, smiling. "Got some balls on you, kiddo. Make sure you don't fuck it up."
I nod to acknowledge her before sitting down, rubbing my wrists a bit and then picking up my pen. A kunai then flies across the room and accurately pins down a paper in someone's hands nearby.
"Number 45, you fail. Take your teammates and get the hell out. Number 78 and 33, greet your shitty teammate at the door," the officer yells.
At this point, several teams have already screwed up and gotten themselves kicked out. Such is the nature of these things.
"Mm." I feel something enter my hair. So...Shino has already moved. I write a few phrases on the back of my sheet as planned, then let the bug settle on my desk. It stops for a moment on a few of them, allowing me to put some pieces together as it settles in my palm again.
From this I can gather that Hinata is either finishing or almost finished. Her chakra is indicating the latter. Shino is saying from this that he's finished as well. That makes me the last one, and there's still time. Alright, then we can make this count. I send the insect back after indicating I need the answers to 5 and 8. Those are the only fuzzy ones left...after that, I can relax.
Out of the corner of my eye, I notice movement on my left. It's just a flash, but I notice the kunai in that boy's hand. If he...
My eyes fly open and I get a good look at him. There are explosive tags attached to the kunai, a bundle of them. He has it held on the seat so that nobody can see it other than us. He's shaking, sweat running down his face as he stares at me with bloodshot eyes.
"I won't...again. I won't go back. Give them to me...the answers. Please."
He can't be this desperate. Can he? But...but I don't know. I don't know what's going through his head. Ino...she's too far and I can't call to her. Hina is also too far and she can't do much. Shino can't do anything without outing himself and getting caught for cheating. I can't get up and go to the bathroom again so soon.
He was waiting for this. This bastard.
Whether or not he fails as a result isn't the problem...if he goes through with it, for whatever reason, everyone in the area will die or be horribly maimed as a result. Including me. Hinata and Shino won't be able to continue. Worse than that...everyone...I...I can't die here. I can't. Hasn't anyone noticed? I don't know how many strikes he has, or I could just do something to get him kicked out right away.
I have to...calm down.
"P-please...it's too much..."
"What...do you mean?" I ask. "Why are you doing this?"
"If I fail...again...my family...just give me what I want."
I keep my head pointed towards the front. I'm shaking. Kill...I should kill him right now. Take his life. But if I do that, then Team Eight...everything we worked for will disappear. What can I do? What should I do? I feel scared...I feel...
Oh.
If I had...done better. If I hadn't been so afraid, so hurt...then I...
Midori. I can her her voice, filled with pain. I can feel her sorrow. Her regret. I think of her, crying for me. I think of Luna, broken and empty inside after I disappear. A vigil with Hina wailing uncontrollably. With Shino unable to move. With Kurenai blaming herself, despairing. Naruto giving into fury. Iruka, feeling helpless. My heart aches so much that I can't stand it. I can't accept that kind of future. I can't leave this world.
He is for real. He wants to succeed, to save his family, to make something of himself. And he will go this far to do it. He would light those tags, and nothing would be able to save us. I can't wait fifteen more minutes for the final question. I don't even think I can wait fifteen more seconds at this point. I can't ignore him. I can't run away.
Be proud shinobi!
Ibiki's voice rings through my ears. Pride. I will use that to move forward.
Just as Hina declared...I will not run away. Never again.
"A person with nothing to lose is said to be the most dangerous type of being," I say to him quietly.
"..."
"But I am not a normal person. That was your first mistake. And it will be your very last."
I strike. I grab his wrist and squeeze until I feel it break, making him bite his lip to stifle the scream that would have come out. The kunai drops from his hand and into one of mine, which I slowly use to put into one of the pockets of my shorts.
My hand is still around his wrist, and he's about to break from the pain and terror.
Then I will send him straight over the edge. My switch is flipped on.
"Was this what you wanted?" I whisper. "Tell me...was this is it? The thing you risked your life for? The thing you shed tears for?"
"I...please..."
I pull him close to me, close enough that I can speak into his ear, so that I can drill my hatred into his brain. I can feel him trembling. I can smell his fear. "You crossed me. You made me think bad things. You made me hurt. You made me despair. You did the most unforgivable thing. You tried to take from me. You will never take from me. My loved ones, my family, my life. You sinned against me, and I will make you suffer for it, you fucking trash."
"No...p-please...I just..."
"Struggle and suffer. I will find you, and then I will devour you. And I will enjoy every single moment...boy."
I lick his cheek before roughly shoving him off, leaving him to clutch his shattered wrist as he sobs. None of the officials has moved an inch. It would have been well worth the loss of points if they did, but I'm not complaining.
I secretly want him to pass. Just so that I can find him, and end him myself.
It takes a while...but I can calm down, finally. I let the visions fade away, and settle down to focus on the rest of my test. Ten minutes to go. Hina makes a signal in the distance that I take as a sign things are well, and I sign back so that she can see with her Byakugan. Shino sends back a message with his bugs using our hastily formed system, and we check our answers with each other.
The ten minutes are long and tense. Fantasies about killing the trash beside me start to creep into my head, and it takes some effort to shove them down. That hunger is faint, but present. I know what I have to do...I will take care of it, soon enough.
"Alright, it's time for the tenth question," Ibiki announces. He positions himself at the front of the room again. "There are some extra rules for this question, so pay attention. First...you have to decide whether you want to take it or not."
The blonde girl from the Sand speaks up. I wish I could have been next to her...what a treat. "What if we choose not to?" she asks.
"Then your points are automatically reduced to zero, and you fail along with your teammates. Simple," Ibiki responds. From the scattered reactions, the choice is obvious.Beware the shuriken's shadow.
Iruka repeated it alot. And he made a point of doing it before certain tests. There's more to come with this question, then.
"And now, the other rule. If you choose to take up the tenth question, and you answer incorrectly..."
The air is being sucked away from the room as we wait.
"You will lose the right to take the Chuunin Selection Exam...for as long as you live."
And there it is. The shuriken hiding in its partner's shadow.
"Now, there's a way out, since I'm such a generous guy," he says with a sarcastic smile. "If you so choose, you can forfeit. Quit the exam right here, right now, and you can take it freely again next year. Maybe you won't draw me the next time in the first round. Maybe the last question will be different, or there won't be one like this again. Who knows. But of course, you remember...if you quit, your teammates have to go home with you. Your choice. If you want to back out, raise your hand. The officers will confirm your numbers and you can leave as a group."
Ibiki leans back against the front desk, hands in the pockets of his coat.
"Now...let's begin. We're answering the tenth and final question."
Immediately, people start to crack. They file out with their teams, three by three. I hear apologies and cries of disappointment. The trash next to me obviously isn't going anywhere unless his teammates do, and they must know of his desperation.
So...the answer to the question. First...taking it up. And next...we-
I heard a loud thud ahead of me suddenly.
"Don't underestimate me! I'm not gonna run away! Even if I end up a genin forever...even if my path is closed off...I'll become Hokage some other way! I'll make it to my dream, no matter what! I promise you that!" Naruto yells.
Ibiki stands up again and takes his hands out of his pockets. "This is your last chance to back off," he warns Naruto. "I'll ask one more time...you sure you want to do this?"
"I don't ever go back on my word. That's my shinobi way!"
And with that, the room is galvanized into action. The dark atmosphere from earlier is gone, replaced with confidence. No more quitting. No more running. Naruto has lifted every spirit in the room...and so, nobody will turn back now.
Not that it was ever an option for us. "Hina! Shino! Did you receive that idiot's message?" I call out.
"Easily. We move ever forward," Shino calls back.
"Through the flames, and every obstacle in our path. We persevere," Hina calls out.
"Don't underestimate us, either," I say to the room. "This is the strength of the magnificent Team Eight. And more than that...it's the strength of Leaf shinobi!"
"Yeah!" Naruto yells in approval.
Ibiki sighs. "Well, I guess nobody else is moving. Then, to all you still remaining..."
Again, it feels like the air is being sucked away as everyone tenses up, and Ibiki...
...smiles.
"Congratulations! You've passed the first test!"
"Eh...ehhhhhh?!" As always, Naruto is the picture of confusion. But I have a feeling that I know what's going on.
"Heh. You could say there never was something truly called question ten...the last two questions you were just asked were the essence of it, in any case."
The first nine questions were as I suspected: a test for information gathering. The questions were all far beyond genin level thinking, and so cheating was not only the best, but the preferred option. And the trick was indeed to do so without getting caught - the explanation for all the chances and a decreasing point system. Some chuunin were also planted with the correct answers. To my right is number 51, the gentleman who I directed Ino to. He is one of those plants.
He extends his hand towards me, and I shake willingly.
"Congratulations. Good work as well."
"Thank you."
"May I have the weapon?"
I nod and hand him the kunai with the explosive notes attached. He seems awestruck before pushing up his glasses.
"Seriously impressive work. But...I could feel your murderous intent chill my bones. What do you want to do? The next round...offers an opportunity."
I lick my lips. The hunger is slowly building. "I want him...for myself."
"Understood. I'll report to Ibiki, but you should be able to get what you want."
"Thank you."
I watch as Ibiki removes his head covering...I can see why it's in place. His head is dotted with screw holes, and there are burns and scars all over...evidence of horrific torture. The price of intelligence in the shinobi world. Torture is far from a joke. The purpose of this test is to separate the wheat from the chaff...those who could cheat properly, and those who could not for the sake of their comrades for the first section.
And for the second, the true reason for the test. It connects cleanly with the very first test that Kurenai and all the other instructors gave their children to determine who even entered this room.
"If you become chuunin and get assigned dangerous missions for the village, do you think you get to pick and choose which ones you go on? Do you think you get to run away whenever you want?" Ibiki asks as he puts his bandana back on. "The ability to be courageous...to suffer hardships...to lead no matter what the situation. Those are the things needed to be a chuunin. The captain of a team! Anyone who chooses to walk away from a chance out of fear, who hope for a next time...any trash who makes those kinds of choices isn't fit to become a chuunin!" He yells. "Or a shinobi, period! That's how I see it. And that was what the last question determined. Your courage and your will. Leading a team isn't just about how many flashy techniques you can learn...it takes more. Much more!" He claps his gloved hands once. "But you here who have answered the tenth question correctly, by choosing not to run...your futures are bright, and you'll be able to overcome whatever comes your way."
He smirks and looks over the room one more time. "With all that said, the first test is now finished. Good luck, all of you!"
"Hell yeah!" Naruto yells.
Something then bursts through the nearby window, and a strange figure appears with a black banner unfurled behind them.
"There's no time to rest on your heels! Don't get cocky! Anko Mitarashi, examiner for the second test! Let's go!"
A woman with purple hair, bound into a fan-like ponytail. She has on a trench coat, and a mesh bodysuit with a skirt over it. I get a strange feeling from her, but not the same as the one from Ibiki...and as her eyes lock with mine for a moment, I understand.
She has a contract, too.
"Eh? Ibiki...how many of them?"
"Seventy-eight this year."
"Seventy-eight?! What the hell...your test was too damn easy this year! Whatever. I'll just slash the numbers down, then...all you runts follow me, and I'll explain everything once we reach the new venue. No time to lose!" Anko gives me another glance before leaving.
"Number 50...before you head out, a word? Won't keep you from the next round's fun," Ibiki says to me.
"Yes, sir." I head to the front of the room and stand in front of him. He kneels down to meet me.
"You okay?"
"Yes. I'm fine, sir."
"You're sure now...I'm not here to judge."
"I...thought about it," I admit. "I thought about dying. That it would be over for me, right then and there. I was thinking that it was so...unfair."
"That's a fair feeling. If I was your age...and in that situation. I wouldn't know what to do. I'm sure it's happened before, and people have given in just to avoid getting hurt. What you did was dangerous...and very brave. I assure that it wasn't a test on my part, or some sort of prank. That guy was really ready to risk it all for the sake of a test. Desperation doesn't excuse any of it." He clenches a fist. "Not everyone who deserves to fail does, unfortunately. I can't forgive that kind of trash."
He's...far more than just a tough man. "Thank you."
"It's nothing. We talk a lot about being proud shinobi, and about killing our emotions and feelings, about being strong and unbreakable. But we're human on the inside. We have hopes, and dreams, needs and fears. You know that...that's how you could do what you did."
"Ibiki-sensei. Thank you again. I'll remember your concern."
He nods and smiles. "Think about joining Intelligence, kiddo. We could use someone with your strength of character one day."
"I'll consider it. But I really do want to travel the world, and find a wife first."
"Heh. A man's romance, eh? Considering what I've heard about you, it makes sense. Alright, get going before Anko drives herself up a wall. Oh, and one more thing."
"Yes, sir?"
"Watch out for that joker, Uzumaki." He rubs his head, amused. "I didn't believe it when I saw, but..."
"Let me guess. He didn't answer a single question."
"Yeah."
I smile at him as I leave. "That's definitely Naruto."
As I head out after Anko's group, I hear the sound of hearty laughter. Ibiki is...a very good person. I'm glad to have met him this day.
And now...I'm on my way to the next stage, after proving my courage. This Scarlet Viper will show her fangs in time


Chapter 32
 
Scarlet Justice - ep. 32"Retribution"[Chuunin Exams: Second Round]
This is the set of the second stage. Training Area 44, called the Forest of Death.
Anko as stated before is our proctor, and she very quickly gets into the mood. She scares the life out of Naruto after he tries to get cute, lapping up blood from a cut on his cheek. She doesn't seem to have too many inhibitions...a very interesting character, to be sure. The other character participating in her play was some shinobi from the Grass, who has their own sort of strange aura. I can't tell if they have a contract or not, for some reason...though it feels like it. Perhaps I will find out later.
Waiver forms are handed out that clear the village of any responsibility for injury or death. They have to be signed before we can enter the next stage of the exams. This is a survival test...44 gates that surround the area. From the gates to the tower in the middle is about 10 kilometres. The river meanders through the middle of the training ground, and underneath the tower as shown on the map.
Of course, there's more to it. We're fighting for possession of scrolls. No rules. No regulations.
That means nobody is safe. I can feel my hunger growing as the details filter in. This is perfect. Just what I wanted.
"78 people here, that means 26 teams. Half of you get Heaven scrolls and the other half gets Earth scrolls. "Hehehe...you see where this is going, right?"
That's right. Anko did quip that she would cut down the number of remaining participants earlier. The objective is to get to a tower with one of each...meaning at least 13 teams will be eliminated. The total time limits is 120 hours, or 5 days. Close to a week. We have to find our own food and water, survive traps and ambushes, and generally fight for our lives. We fail if we lose track of a teammate. We fail if a teammate dies. We fail if we don't make it to the tower within the 120 hour limit...and we most definitely fail if we open the scrolls before the promised time. Anko was vague about it, but it's honestly so clear that only an idiot would...
"..."
Well, hopefully she was clear enough.
"One more word of advice," she says with a sadistic smile. "Don't die~"
A useful tip. Thank you, Anko-sensei.
We're supposed to exchange our three forms for a scroll at the booth. Shino goes to fetch it for us.
"We have a Heaven scroll," he says as he returns. "We will be reporting to Gate 16."
At this point there's still over half an hour before we need to begin. Anko seems interesting, but she's wandered off to take care of something else. And the Grass shinobi...I should leave that alone, I think. Compromising myself during a death match isn't the best idea, and his creepy looking friends might not take kindly to questioning.
He also smells of blood, which is suspect...but then, so does that red-headed boy with the gourd. It's unmistakable at this point. What could be behind something like that...has he killed that much? I don't immediately get anything from him, but he seems to be calm at the moment. Which is normal for spree killers, honestly.
Curious. I suppose we'll find out the extent of his abilities soon. For now, it's a better idea to stay with my team and raise morale a bit. We haven't talked properly since the start of the first round...
"Um, Lili...I have one more bottle of milk. We can share." I nod and take a sip from the bottle before passing it back to Hina. There are still a few minutes of spare time before we need to head out. Equipment is ready...nothing else to it. I explain what happened earlier during the paper test, as both Shino and Hina were worried about me.
"So that was what happened, then. You were amazing to get out of it," Shino says to me. He saw that I was in some kind of trouble, but as I figured on my own, he couldn't send enough insects my way to help without drawing suspicion. It's possible that it also could have triggered a reaction from the coward. Hina could see that I was stuck, too...but she was too far away to do anything.
She finishes the last bit of milk and sets the bottle down before snuggling into me. I wrap my arms around her and gently stroke her head.
"I'm sorry for scaring you," I say to my friends.
"It's not your fault, Kobayashi. Although...it seems that your sadistic habits really did come in handy that time."
"Well, of course they did. I think I should be able to make use of all my character traits in real life."
"Hm."
"Shino...don't hold back in this round," I tell him.
"Are you saying that for my sake? We'll need you to take the green light as our leader, Kobayashi."
"Lili...he's right. You need to let go. We trust you," Hina says gently. "This is life or death...and you're strong enough to carry us through."
I really am blessed to have these two. "So you're giving me the okay. Then as your leader, I'll do it. I'll show everyone my darkness."
"And that person?" Shino asks.
"Him. I know exactly where he is at this moment. When the time comes, I will ask you to step away. Something like that...what I'm about to do will scar even the strongest wills. I don't want you to look," I say. I close my eyes and let Hina's warmth soak into me.
Soon enough, we come upon fifteen minutes to the second test. We go to our assigned gate and wait with an official for the locks to be opened. Intimidation and murderous intent is being tossed around casually, but ineffectively as usual. Shino is quiet as usual. Hina checks her supplies one last time, then stands close to me as time winds down.
"Are you nervous?" I ask her.
"Yes...very nervous."
"I know I can count on you, Hina."
"You can. I won't ever let you down, Lili. Even...even if I..."
"I know. But it won't come to that, Hina. I promised."
She gives me a smile. "Thank you..."
Five minutes.
"Hm. Perhaps I can filet the fish for tonight?" I muse out loud.
"That's a little much, I think," Shino says.
"We can't all live as pragmatists, you know. I think we're allowed to enjoy a bit of luxury on this survival trip. And if we decide to set a record pace, we won't have too many chances to eat." I flip through my memories. "Yes. The record is four hours."
"You're sure we can beat that record?"
"Hm?" I give him a look. "If we move properly, we can reach the tower in two hours easily. The problem of course is finding an Earth scroll."
"Sounds reckless. But just like you, I suppose." I can see he's smiling.
"Don't give me a weird image, Shino."
He adjusts his glasses, amused. "Sorry. You're a few months too late for that."
Sixty seconds. The official unlocks the gate.
Here we go.
"The second test of the Chuunin Selection Exams...begin!" Anko yells.
The gate opens.
"Formation!" I yell.
"Acknowledged!" my teammates call back.
Alright, Team Eight...time to fly!
I don't know how fast Shino can move, exactly. He never did come out on our runs, but in every mission he's been able to keep up.
Hina...no question.
Unobstructed, at casual speed...ten kilometres is easily cleared. I can do it in under fifteen minutes, like Kurenai can. Hina can clear the same distance in under twenty minutes. But this isn't a simple rush to the middle, or else the test would be structured differently.
"Alright. Here's the plan..."
We move through the forest at an easy pace. It's only five minutes in, but the gears in my head are moving at full tilt. I can feel the bloodlust crawling into my head, and my body getting hot. This is a feeling I've missed. I really want to have my way with that trash...getting hungry. Starving, almost.
"I'm going to see what my prey is up to...hopefully we can get the right scroll at the same time."
I land on a branch, and my comrades stop on either side of me.
"I'll leave an insect with you. That way we can find each other," Shino says.
"Good. Hina, look to our left, two kilometres.
"Yes." She activates her Byakugan and scans the area without moving her head. "A group of three in that direction...they're currently stopped."
"Then it's time. Head for the tower, and don't stop unless it's an absolute emergency. I'll be able to find you when I'm done," I say.
"A moment. How far does that technique of yours reach?"
"Currently it starts to fail at a threshold of five kilometres when used actively." I shrug. "There's more to do...I can still improve it."
"I see...you really are a genius."
"I wouldn't go that far. I'm going, so...follow my instructions. Please don't follow me. Not on this path...or any other like it."
"We understand. Hinata, we're going."
"Yes. Lili."
"Hina."
"I love you."
"I love you too."
She smiles and nods, then takes off quickly with Shino. I watch them go before turning my back in their direction. I let the darkness take over and shift into 'that' state. I can still feel his stench on my tongue. It will disappear soon. I know that for sure.
From what I can sense, he's gone out alone. Should I wait until he's gathered up with the others? No. That's a waste of time. I want to get to the tower as soon as possible, and get this over with. My friends are strong, but I don't want to put them in unnecessary danger, especially with all of these psychopaths running around.
I curse a bit as I note them meeting up again. It's fine...I'm just being impatient. So hungry...I want to devour him like I promised. I hide high above them and watch their movements from a tree, making sure to sense for hostile fauna and flora. Those were quite a shock to encounter...
"Yo! What's up, you find anything?" There's one of the teammates. A skinny child with long black hair...from the Leaf, same as my prey. What an unfortunate thing. Countrymen...but they will get no quarter for that.
"Nothing. Area's clear for now," the other one says. A larger child, overweight and with flat black hair that rests on top of his head.
"Same here." There. My prey. A frail child with a rounded face and brown hair that goes down to his chin. There's the same sadness and misery in his brown eyes that I remember from the written test. I want that sadness to change into something else entirely. Once I get my hands on him...I really can't wait. But I need to do this properly.
"Dude, are you really okay?" the fat one asks. "I mean, I'm not going to ask you to drop out or anything, but you're not looking good."
"The medicine's just kicking in," my prey says with a pained expression. "I'll be good. We just have to get ourselves a scroll and go to the tower, then I can get some actual treatment."
"Alright. Listen, we're here for you. We want this as much as you need it," the skinny one says. "How's your sis doing?"
They start to walk on and I make my way down the tree quietly. I sink slowly to the ground, flicking my tongue out to make sure things are truly safe, and then move on my belly after them. Slow and steady.
"She's okay," the prey says. "Surgery is tomorrow. Once we clear this thing, I should be able to go see her, hopefully. The best I can do is call her once we get to the tower. They've gotta have phones there."
"Chuunin level missions should be good, yeah?" the fat one asks.
"Enough to keep us above water," the prey responds. "My mom and dad are barely making it, and if this doesn't work...I dunno what we're going to do. We can hold out a few months, maybe. I just want to save them..."
"That girl was the one that messed up your wrist, right? Heh, it's always the hot ones who hurt you the worst. Red hair, too. That's double bad," the fat one chuckles.
"She really is a looker," the skinny one says. He checks over a kunai, while trying to keep an eye out. I keep my pace, crawling along the ground. "Maybe you could ask her out," he jokes as he elbows the prey.
"She crushed my wrist."
"Yeah, I know. That's the start of romance, apparently. "Plenty of guys who got beat up on the first date and ended having kids with the same women."
"I-I guess. I...didn't mean to piss her off that much. Thought she would give in," the prey says as he looks around. His head turns in my direction and I stop, waiting for him to turn away. He does so shortly and I continue, speeding up a little bit.
"What'd she say? That she'd kill you?" the fat one says with a laugh. "It's possible, I guess. But in a wide open space like this, we could dominate her with one hand. Or dominate her, know what I mean?"
"Dude. Gross."
"What. You're thinking it too," he says to the skinny one.
"I wasn't. My cousin told me that they had kunoichi classes on escaping from sick stuff. Wouldn't be surprised if she had something like that just to get away from random creepers."
"Nothing to worry about. We're here protecting our guy, and a three on one is a mismatch for anyone. What was her name, anyways...Riri?"
"It was...I overheard it somewhere..."
The prey freezes. I see him tense up...realizing who he crossed.
Realizing that he's done for.
"Lilith...Kobayashi..."
"The top rookie?" the skinny one says. "Oh, god...her?"
"What? Being a top rookie-"
"She's never been touched in battle. And...my old man heard a rumour that she slaughtered one hundred robbers on a mission. By herself."
"Bullshit," the fat one says. "And so what? She's not going to be able to find us in this forest. She has a team, and she'll be too busy protecting them. There's the Hyuuga girl, the princess. You think she'd let anything happen to that kid? Imagine the whole weight of that clan coming down on you because of that kind of screw-up. Listen, I'm gonna scout ahead. You guys can cry for mommy over a little red-head."
"Shit, man...hey, you gonna be okay alone for a bit? I'll double back if I find anything," the skinny one says to the prey.
"I'll be good. Got both hands working, at least. Trust me."
"Alright. Stay safe, man. We're almost home." The skinny child leaves. The prey is alone.
Finally...finally. I'm so...hungry. I want to eat...I want to swallow him up, so badly.
I make sure they're away from him. I make sure they continue to move, and I slip into the nearby bushes without a sound. My prey moves, turning his head from side to side. Backing himself closer to me. Yes. Come. Closer. It's taking all I have to control my breathing. I want it. I want it so badly.
I slowly rise, and open my arms. He backs up, closer. I can smell his hair. I let out a breath, and he flinches.
"Wh-"
One hand over his mouth, the other around his torso. I drag him, kicking and screaming through the bushes. His yelling is muffled. His struggle, useless. I'm getting excited from this, feeling his fear as it ripples through me. His warm tears spill onto my hand as it clamps down over his mouth. I drag him, keeping his arms pinned. He's nothing to me. Just prey. Nothing but prey.
His sister. His mother. His father. All nothing to me.
I will do what he could not.
I will take everything from him.
"Hello again," I whisper into his ear. I'm giddy. Ecstatic. This is everything a girl could want. "I know you missed me. I was on your mind this entire time."
He shakes his head and screams out. My hand traps the sound.
"Oh, darling...it's okay. Do you remember what I promised you? Do you? I said that I was going to devour you. That I was going to make you pay for sinning against me. For trying to take from me. I am going to swallow you up...and enjoy every single moment."
He whimpers.
"I'm actually sad...for you, I mean. I was listening..."
I can feel the prey settle down. Oh, how precious. He thinks that I must care about him and his family. Let's play with that a little. I lift my hand from his mouth, and he gasps for air.
"What's your sister's name?" I ask with a gentle tone.
"Tamayo," he says quietly.
"Tamayo...a lovely name. And you did all of this...you sinned against me like you did just to save her. Just for that one chance."
"Yes...I didn't...mean to..."
"It's okay. I understand why you did it. I understand why you were so desperate."
I let him go briefly and push him against a tree. He's still scared and flustered. Still filled with anguish. But I know what I want.
"I understand," I say.
He nods. I slip my hand into his weapon holster and take out a kunai.
"But understanding...is not forgiveness."
I ram the blade into his stomach. He looks down before staring at me. The absolute despair. The horror. He breaks apart, he starts to crumble, unable to call out or even scream. I am filled with delight as I watch him spiral into nothingness.
"I told you. I told you that I was going to devour you. I will swallow you up," I say as I stab again. "I will drink the light from your very soul," I say as I stab again. And again. And again. And again.
And again. And again. Again. Again. Again. Again. Again. Again. Again. Again. Again.
Over and over without end. I stab. I tear into him and I hold him by the neck so I can stare into his broken visage, so that I can make him watch me climb higher and higher as he fucking dies. I want him to see me loving every moment of this vengeance, this well deserved punishment. I am taking from him, over and over with each stab, with each blood-soaked thrust.
The light drains from his eyes. And it is then that my hunger is sated. I am filled. I am at peace once more. I let the carcass drop to the ground, thoroughly stripped of its deliciousness. I bring my blood covered hand to my lips, and I slowly lick at the blood.
It's deliciously sweet. All because I let this prey roast in its own juices before I devoured it. The spice of utter helplessness and despair...so good. I would love to do this more often. I should...perhaps I can take on more hunting missions in the future.
"No!"
I hadn't forgotten about the two from earlier. I turn to address them. "So...which one of you has the scroll?"
"H-here," the skinny one says. He rolls the scroll towards my feet.
"..."
It's a Heaven scroll, same as ours. Not what I needed. Unfortunate.
"You really should have just run away. The exam was lost to you the moment I took your friend's life."
I lift my head to watch them charge at me, tears in their eyes.
"But if you want to join him...I'll grant your wish. I'll make this place your grave." I pulse my chakra mode once and accelerate, slashing through the skinny one's throat and then throwing the same kunai into the back of the fat one's head. They fall over, twitching for a few moments before going still.
I pick up the scroll with my cleaner hand and put it into one of my pockets.
"As it was said...it has been done." I let out a breath.
Good. It's truly over and done with.
I give one last look to the prey as he lies against the tree. And then I turn towards the place where I am supposed to be. Back with my beloved comrades.
Shino and Hina are waiting for me. It's time to go.
"She's back."
Hina announces my arrival, and I drop from the trees to land in front of her and Shino.
We're at twenty minutes since the test began.
"No luck. Another Heaven scroll," I say. I toss it to Shino for safekeeping, since Hina is already holding the other. "I made sure not to get blood on it."
"Appreciated," he says flatly. "There are all kinds of animals in this forest. They could be attracted to the smell of blood...but then, the same can be said for the plants."
"All the more reason for us to keep moving. We can clean at the river near the goal if need be. Any ideas for our next play?"
Shino nods. "Yes. Let's move ahead." I nod and we take off together. "Hinata and I scouted ahead while you were gone. Team Ten and Team Seven are within our range. So are the Sound shinobi that were being troublesome last round. There are also teams that we can advance towards...a team from the Grass, a team from the Leaf that I recognize, and another team from the Sand...it's not the boy with the gourd this time."
"Hm. It's a shame," I say absentmindedly. "Those people would have been comrades in another time and place."
"There's no code about killing or not killing shinobi if they're your countrymen, especially in this kind of scenario," Shino says. "They wouldn't show us a shred of mercy."
"I know. I'm not sad or anything, just...disappointed, I think. But perhaps I shouldn't be, seeing how I was treated before...oh well. I enjoyed myself."
"I see."
"You've both done well, by the way. We have a lot of options at our fingertips...so let's pick a direction to head in, and hope we get something good out of it."
"Your call," Shino says. I think for a moment before coming to a decision.
"The Sand children aren't the ones we're worried about, you said?"
"Yes, that's right."
"Good. We'll aim for them."
"We should be between five and ten minutes out. Based on what we could figure out about them, we've formulated a game plan."
"Have you? Very good. I'll let you and Hina be the stars this time. Put me wherever you need me," I say. "I'll run the routines as always."
We reach our targets in five minutes as estimated...there's probably a trap of some sort coming upon our approach. I can see three boys below us as we pass through the trees. Two with giant war fans, and another with no visible weapons.
"Let's get this over with," I say. We descend to lower branches and I signal Shino to start. He sends down a swarm of insects to cover the targets, but they disperse into bursts of wind.
Clones, then.
"Behind us," Hina says.
"Drop down," I order. They do so, landing on the ground while I use chakra to stay on my branch, a strong gust of wind threatening to blow me away. There's a loud click and I immediately fall forward, keeping my feet stuck to the branch as a barrage of shuriken comes from both sides. My momentum and timely chakra adhesion helps me get upright again, but then there's something wrapped around my leg.
"Cloth," I mutter.
"You smell of blood, Leaf brat!" The boy with no weapons from earlier pulls downwards, and I let myself go with the momentum, twisting in midair while drawing a kunai. I pulse lightning chakra through my hand and use my vibrating weapon to slice the cloth away, then land near Hina and Shino. The boys with the war fans stand behind the one with the cloth. They don't want to give us any time to recover and charge forward, the cloth boy jumping into the trees while the others stay grounded.
"Shino."
"Right." Insects start to gather around the two of us at my word.
"Hina, move in."
"Yes!"
"Dumb move!" one of the fan users yells. He pulls his weapon back before swinging, sending a torrent of wind right at Hina. She weaves behind a tree and waits for the attack to pass, the sharp winds cutting into the trunk.
From my earlier observations...I researched the blonde girl's figure earlier, and she also made use of a war fan. Apparently, you need permits for those if you're from a different village. Her arms are toned, and she has fantastic legs that also look to be strong. I can understand from further research that she's been using that fan for a long time, and so she's built up the necessary strength to use it properly. At long range as a deadly wind-style weapon, and as a melee weapon in close quarters. Very versatile.
These boys have soft and scrawny arms in comparison. They use momentum to launch their attacks, and the best they can do in close quarters seems to be blocking or wild swings with the hope of connecting with their foes. Given all of that...Hina will have an easy time taking them out.
I move behind a tree while whipping out two smoke bombs at the fan users. They predictably swing and hit the paper balls directly, spiking them into the ground and throwing up smoke. It's all that she needs.
Hina advances, her body wrapped in ribbons of flowing white air. Her first step is fast and graceful, landing against the ground with barely a sound. She reaches her opponent and drives her palm into his stomach.
I feel something coming behind me as I look on from high in the trees. Cloth wraps around my arms and legs, binding me in place.
"Got you!" the cloth boy yells. "You're done!"
"No...not quite. You're not too good at thinking."
"What?"
I close my eyes and explode into a swarm of insects. He pulls his cloth back to him, but it's too late. The insects are attached and start to drain away his chakra. Shino lands behind him and touches his back. It's over. I catch the cloth boy as he falls from the branch, drained to exhaustion.
A yelp sounds as Hina swiftly takes out the other boy with the fan as he's distracted. I lay the cloth boy beside his teammates and crouch beside them, arms on my knees.
"What kind of scroll do you have?" I ask casually.
"Earth," the cloth user says quietly.
"You understand, yes? I didn't have to ask. It's as easy as slitting your throats," I tell him. "I've done as much already, as you noted in your initial attack."
"Take it...I have it on me..."
Shino reaches into his pouch and grabs the scroll.
It's Earth.
Fantastic. We're just about done.
"Heh...but it doesn't matter...he's on his way there, too..."
"Who?" Shino asks.
"S-someone...who's an even bigger murderer. He does nothing but kill...everyone in the village...is terrified of that kid..."
"..." I tilt my head to one side.
"Nobody has...even scratched him in his life...he'll...find you...and..." The boy passes out before he can finish.
"W-who is he talking about?" Hina asks nervously. I stand up and look to the sky.
"They're Sand, so...it must be the child with the gourd. The one with red hair, and overflowing murderous intent."
"Yes. He's called Gaara of the Desert," Shino says.
"Oho. So you've established an information network. Very nice...I'm quite proud of you, Shino," I say to him.
"I had a few of my insects scout that man with the cards earlier. Kabuto Yakushi. Not of all of the information was immediately relevant, and some of the insects have taken time to return."
"Hm. A dangerous character?" I ask.
"That's the thing...I didn't feel anything coming from him."
I frown. "Then that's even worse. We'll keep an eye out for him. In the meantime...we've completed our objective, and have a bargaining chip just in case. The number of teams we've directly taken out is two. Depriving someone of a Heaven scroll might up the count a bit..."
"Do you think we should invest in taking out more teams?" Shino asks.
"Um...maybe we should leave them to do that on their own," Hina suggests. "The forest is really dangerous by itself..."
"Hinata also makes a good point," he admits. "What should we do, Boss?"
I smirk. "Boss, eh. Trying to sweeten me up, Shino?"
"Nothing like that."
"Interesting. It's working pretty well, just so you know."
He pushes up his glasses, trying to hide the fact that he's happy. "We're currently at thirty minutes since the start of the test, and we've already gathered the necessary materials."
I yawn and tap a finger on my cheek. "Well, we can take it easy. Let's head for the tower and bring this to a close. I really want to wash up when we're done."
"Fine with me," Shino says.
"I feel the same. I'd rather not chase after others...especially if...that kind of person..."
"Unfortunately, I think we'll be seeing him soon," I say to Hina. She whimpers a bit and I pet her head. "It's okay. I'll protect you as best as I can, Hina."
"Lili..." She looks at me, eyes shimmering. So cute.
"I think we should go. You can have your girls' moment later," Shino interrupts. He jumps ahead and I pout after him.
"Oi. Read the mood, you difficult child..."
Hina giggles as we take off and follow.
We enter through the assigned door, breaking the seal on it as we open it wide. The expectation was that there would be people present to try and take our scrolls near the end, but we've moved so quickly that it looks like they haven't been able to set up. Lucky us.
"Here we are," Shino says. "The message on the wall...seems like it has to do with the scrolls."
"We've delivered them to their proper place, at least. Let's open them," I say.
"Okay." He hands me one of the Heaven scrolls, and I shake my head.
"No, it's fine. You and Hina go ahead. You've earned this just as I have."
"Understood, Boss."
Hina and Shino open the scrolls, and now I can see what's inside. A summoning circle on each, split in half. They quickly set the scrolls down together, unroll them, and back away. With a loud boom and a cloud of smoke, a figure appears.
"Hey! Long time no see!"
Wonderful. A chance to see his proud face once more, and on this shining stage.
Iruka's eyes meet mine, and he smiles.
"I'm here to inform you that you've successfully passed the second test. And in..." He checks his watch and blinks with surprise. "Fifty-three minutes total! Wow! That's a new record...I seriously didn't expect to be out here this early. I was on my way to grab a snack, you know?"
"If we opened the scrolls...you would have come out?" Shino asks.
Iruka shrugs. "Who knows? All I can tell you is that you would be unable to continue the rest of the exam. Well...in general, I suppose. You've got Lili here, so that changes the calculus just a little." He chuckles. "But this was about performing missions correctly. So opening the scrolls would be a violation of your mission. Anko explained everything you needed to know at the start. Unfortunately...I've had to take care of some idiots once already."
"..."
"Not our idiot, fortunately," he assures me.
I nod and breathe a sigh of relief.
"The message on the wall...um...if you lack heaven, seek wisdom, be prepared...if you lack earth, run in the fields, seek advantages. These rules will guide...a person's extremes."
"That's right, Hinata."
"To seek heaven is to seek wisdom. To strengthen our minds," I say. "To seek earth is to strengthen our bodies. Having both will make us prepared for anything that comes our way. These are the qualities needed to make a chuunin...a shinobi that understands the world around them. Isn't that right, sensei?" I ask.
"That's right, Lili."
"Mm. Well, it seems like I'm truly blossoming. Can you see, sensei? Your precious flowers are blossoming in front of you."
"They really are. I'm proud of you two. Oh, and you too, Shino."
"Thank you, sensei. At least you remembered me."
Iruka looks confused. "Eh? I don't see how I could forget someone as...someone like you, Shino."
"Perhaps Iruka-sensei is truly one of a kind. And so, we will treasure him to the end of days."
"Yes. Sensei, thank you for your kindness," Hina says with a bow.
"Yep. Prepare yourselves for the final stage. Remember, you're proud shinobi. No matter what happens, hold your heads high."
"Yes, sensei," we all say in unison.
"Iruka-sensei? Do you have a moment?"
"Yes, of course."
"Good!" I smile and rush over to hug him. I feel him hug back, and it makes me very happy. "Through a path stained with blood...as I promised you. Do you accept this too, Iruka?"
"I do, Lili."
"Then I will continue to make you happy."
I step away from him and salute.
"Remember our legend from this day forward. The Magnificent Team Eight, and their ruthless, peerless leader, the flower of heaven herself. Lili Kobayashi, the Scarlet Viper!"
Iruka smiles and gives us two thumbs up.
We have written our names into the sacred books of history. But it's not over yet.
Ever onward...to the third and final round.


Chapter 33
Scarlet Justice - ep. 33"Curiosities"[Chuunin Exams: Third Round Preliminaries]

The next 239 hours are ours to spend freely. A wonderful reward for our hard work. There are a few rooms set up here and there for short stays, canteens, and other amenities for modern life. I find a shower and quickly start to wash, ignoring the biting cold as I scrub away the filth from the past three or four hours.
Food is predictably bland. I cannot wait to get back home and eat Luna's cooking. There's not much in the way of milk, either. But I can survive for a while longer. We can't leave the tower until the five days have passed, and it's on to the last stage directly from here. Who knows what the future holds...
There was a commotion when we arrived, as things were not yet set up for participants once they got here. With the previous record being four hours, they assumed they had much more time. It was fortunate then that it was just the three of us.
But as I comb my hair in the comfort of my shared room, I hear more mutterings of disbelief. Another team has arrived. I flick my tongue at the air and pick up a familiar scent...blood.
"So it's them, then."
The three children from the Hidden Sand, featuring Gaara of the Desert, the boy with overflowing murderous intent. I check the time piece on the inside of my wrist and nod.
97 minutes.
"Quite a feat. Those three didn't look incredibly mobile, either. I wonder how many they killed on the way here...or rather, how many he killed." A point of interest, to be sure. But also something I can worry about later.
"Apparently the other teams are meeting up downstairs," Shino tells me the next morning. I have myself a large helping of eggs and breakfast cereal, adding spice and sugar as needed. How shinobi can put up with this quality of food is beyond me. It has nothing to do with me being spoiled, I can tell that much from the reactions of others as I move around the facility.
"That's fine. I have no interest at this time. What about you?"
"I might walk around some more to collect data."
"I see. While you're downstairs, pick up some of those fruit bars, and a few candy bars from the machine they have," I instruct while handing Shino my coin purse. "Never mind the cost. And get as much as you want for yourself."
"On it, Boss. Anything to drink?"
"If you can carry a few sodas as well, that would be nice."
He nods and heads off. I finish my breakfast before rolling back into bed. Not much I want to do with the next round looming, and thinking too hard about the possibilities ends up being stressful. Shino returns with my things and coin purse. I set them aside for later.
A few teams at a time filter in. I have a feeling that this was not what Anko wanted or was expecting, with the brutality of the competition and the training ground itself. This sort of thing seems to be far from normal on any mission, though it works well to test out possibilities. Anyone who breaks down at this point is probably unfit to be a shinobi...but I wonder about that. Preparation for extremes is a good thought, but it's not as if a significant minority goes through these sorts of conditions more than this one time. It seems like a good test for those who intend to become jounin, but as part of the regular forces, with all of the possible positions one could end up in...it's something to ponder, at least.
I end up desiring extra warmth during one of our off nights, just to have a little taste of my normal routine at the least. With Shino out of consideration for many reasons, including my reluctance to develop an insect fetish, I decide to see if Hina will accommodate me.
"Hina?" I call to her.
"Lili. Are you alright?" she calls back from below me.
"There's nothing wrong. I just had a request of you."
"What is it?"
"I would like to sleep next to you tonight."
"That...sounds fine."
"I hope you're not feeling pressured because we're friends," I say as I hop down from the top bunk. "It's perfectly fine if you feel uncomfortable."
"Well...I do worry about you sometimes...because...you know."
I look at Hina, lying on her side. "What?"
"You're definitely a bit...dangerous around women," she says with a small smile. "So it's not a stretch to say I might become a victim of your charms."
"I wouldn't..."
"Oh? You wouldn't?" Is...is she teasing me? Goodness. How far we've come...
"I know that you like Naruto," I say, fidgeting despite myself. "So...unless something drastic happened..."
"So you would."
"Yes. If the time was right...I would take you away, Hina," I say with a blush. She pats the empty space beside her, and I slip under the sheets to lie by her side. Our faces are nearly touching, and she looks happy.
"I just wanted to hear you say it."
I puff up my cheeks playfully. "You've developed a bit of a mean streak. Bullying me all of a sudden. Terrible, simply terrible."
"I'm not sure what else I should have done...asking me to share my bed with you is a lot." She giggles. "But I've been very happy these past few days. All of this...it's beyond anything I could have dreamed of. Around this time maybe a year ago, I felt like a failure. But now...I'm a few steps away from becoming an important member of the village. And it's not something that my father, or anyone in Hyuuga can take away from me. No matter what they might try."
"You've become so strong, Hina," I say.
"I guess...in these secret moments with you, I can be the person that I want to be," she says. We press our hands together and slowly mesh our fingers. "I feel so strong when I'm near you."
"I'm glad that I could help you."
"You saved my life. I remember that moment...there's a picture that I treasure above all else. The moment when I stood up, and found myself. I...remember what you looked like, Lili. You were so happy, and you looked at me like I was an angel. Like I was the most beautiful person in the entire world. I'll never forget that...how you made me feel wanted, and special, and loved above all else."
"..." I think about the question I want to ask. "Hina...what about the other side?"
"That...yes. The woman with glowing eyes. I first saw her in the desert. And she sometimes appears in my dreams. As a distant shadow, I would say. She's...calm. And she looks at me with kindness. That Lili is a fierce protector to me. Someone who...makes me tremble with the power she radiates, but also gives me comfort."
"Even if that's the wrong thing in the end?" I ask.
"Even then. There isn't a part of you that I will turn away from, Lili. You mean too much to me."
"Thank you, Hina."
"Yes."
She holds me in her arms, against her body. I close my eyes. I feel safe like this. These moments are precious, and...they won't stop being precious, even when the time comes for Hina to show her true self to the world. I love her, and I want the best for her.
The days wind on. Shino checks in with me, and I spend the next few nights sleeping together with Hina. I exercise, meditate, and make sure my body is in good shape. The food from the canteens is excellent for that much, even if it is terribly bland. One more team makes it in under the limit; I have yet to see who aside from the Sand trio has passed, but there are mumblings about the amount of people. As I thought earlier, this might be problematic for the exam organizers.
So it's not terribly shocking when I hear that we're not leaving the forest yet. The shocking part is the reason for it.
"It's downstairs?" I ask Iruka. We meet in one of the open areas while he sips his coffee.
"Yep, right downstairs. Plenty of stuff here, including the arena. It was always part of the plan that if there were too many people, they'd have a preliminary round to weed out the weaker entrants until there was a suitable number reached."
"Exactly how many teams were they expecting? I know that Mitarashi-sensei was complaining about seventy eight being too big a number, but after this...less than thirty nine people, or about thirteen teams," I say.
"Anko was expecting...three to five teams."
I frown. "Is the test that brutal?"
"It's supposed to be." Iruka shrugs. "Apparently our guy threw the numbers way off in the first round, and it was all downhill from there. And you rookies smashed through expectations up to this point, I mean you're all here from what I know."
"You don't say...so he made it," I say with a smile.
"Barely. But you know how he is, right? Anyways...I have to get back to the village proper. Paperwork and everything."
"Right. I wish you could have stayed to watch, but...I understand. You'll get your chance to watch me in the finals."
"Looking forward to it."
The time finally comes and we head downstairs, our equipment ready and minds cleared. We all line up together and I can see everyone present. The rookie ten from our class, meaning Kiba's team has come along too. Rock Lee's team is here also, with their extra year of training paying off. Fifteen people already. Kabuto's team adds to the mix. Altogether, there are eight teams and twenty four people remaining. Far more than Anko was expecting, I'm sure.
Let's see what happens from here on.
The Hokage is here, and he starts to explain things to us as we line up in front of him and the other examiners. The Chuunin Exams are not just examinations for promotions. They're war games. Displays of military might. They're meant to show off a village's assets to the world at large, and risking life and limb in battle is the ultimate way to do so. Pain, power, and pride. All these things are present.
The strength of the country is the strength of the village. The strength of the village is the strength of its shinobi. And the true strength of a shinobi, of any human being...is revealed in the heart of battle.
Dreams. Lives. Prestige. Everything on the line, for the sake of the world. To preserve a fragile peace.
I see. So all that I have to do is live up to my namesake. I'll drench myself in blood and devour all the prey ahead of me. That is what I was meant to do here. No matter what.
A sickly-looking man steps up to announce the third round properly. Hayate Gekkou, the referee for these upcoming fights.
"Because of the number of participants, we'll be starting things off with a preliminary round." Just as Iruka said, then. "We need to cut down the numbers further before proceeding to the final stage."
"A preliminary?" Sakura asks. "Are there really that many of us?"
I assume they want a final round of eight. That means about sixteen of us will have to go by the time this is said and done. After that, a properly formatted tourney will be able to move forward smoothly.
"Those who feel like quitting, please come forward now. We want to start the preliminary rounds as soon as possible," Hayate says.
Hm. No time to rest, then. Unfortunate for those who just came off the back part of the Forest of Death. My team has had a few days to relax and is feeling quite fresh. Naruto on the other hand was one of the last to make it out with his team, so they might still be fatigued. Still...I can't underestimate anyone here, especially if they've worked to make it this far.
"Sorry, I'm going to quit here."
I look over at the first person to leave. That man...with the glasses. Shino mentioned him...yes, that's Kabuto. He looks quite worn out, but...I'm not sure he's telling the truth. The suspect look that the Hokage is giving him doesn't help. Naruto and Sakura are concerned that he's leaving...they must have gone through something together. That, or he helped them make it to the tower in the first place.
"Right...these are individual battles. Your forfeit will have no effect on the standing of your teammates," Hayate says. That answers the question on my mind. It means that our destinies are in our own hands from here on. Just a flat out fight to the finish. I can live with that.
Shikamaru starts to raise his hand but Ino angrily slaps it down. I hear his oppressive whining as a result.
I hear something else in the meantime. Mutterings about Sasuke. Something about...removing him from the exam? He keeps touching his neck for some reason. Is it in injury? No, I don't think so. A neck injury would be worse, and there's already someone from the Sound standing around with his arm in a sling. He isn't being forced out, or leaving.
There's something going on. I don't like it.
And of course, because it's just that kind of day, there's another irritation. The Hidden Sound has their sensei here, and...I keep getting a familiar feeling. A distortion, more like. He feels like...I can't remember. But I know that I've felt this somewhere. Where? It's so bothersome.
I sigh and put it aside. Time to focus in on the tourney again. So Kabuto leaving puts us at the odd number of twenty three, which I'm sure will cause all kinds of fun. Hayate seems resolved to move on.
"Alright, since we have-"
"Your pardon, sir. I will withdraw as well."
Kiba wheels around as Akamaru barks. "O-oi! Erika?" The chocolate beauty from earlier, with the spiked collar around her neck. She looks like she hasn't even been through the last round, with not a scratch on her. But she's decided to quit at this stage...
"Getting you this far was my true mission. Be proud of your accomplishments, and aim ever higher. As for me...I have no further objectives at this time. Kiba, Akamaru, Dark, Eddie. I wish you health and safety."
"My, Erika...are you sure about this?" a sickly-sweet voice calls to her.
"I am, sensei. My apologies." The sensei she speaks to is wearing a pink miniskirt, along with a black shirt that's entirely too tight around her obscenely fat chest. Her forehead protector is tied around her waist, like Ino's is. She has long, smooth brown hair. And she wears netted stockings up to her thighs like high socks.
I don't know what this woman is. But I cannot stand looking at her.
"Another target for your ogling?" Shino asks casually. Her eyes are light blue. She's put together like some sort of anime character.
I narrow my eyes. "Not my type. At all."
"Rare," he quips.
"Quite. I didn't think it possible myself until today. Do you know who she is, by chance?"
"Kosugi, from what I can recall. She substituted a few classes at the Academy the year before you arrived."
"I see," I mutter.
"Hey, Kosugi-sensei! What's going on?" Kiba asks. "How come Erika's quitting like this?"
"Erika...she's made her decision. I don't know her reasons, but...as her sensei, I want to respect them. This will not be the end of her path, I know it. I will remain with her as long as she will have me," Kosugi says.
"Thank you, sensei. I'll take my leave...good luck to you, gentlemen." Erika waves and disappears in a swirl of leaves.
"Unbelievable," Kiba mutters angrily. More mysterious happenings...annoying on my end, too.
Hayate lets out a sickly cough. I'm amazed he can stand up. "Well...that leaves us with twenty-two remaining. We'll have a series of one on one matches, with participants fighting as if they were in a real life confrontation. At this time, eleven matches will be conducted. The winners will move on to the true third test as a result. Fights are simple...no holds barred matches, fought until one side surrenders or is killed. So if you don't want to die..." He coughs again. "Please do us a favour and quit. However, if I step in and decide the match is over, you'll have to stop where you are. We don't want any unnecessary corpses."
How courteous.
Hayate nods to Anko. She speaks into her mouthpiece, and an electronic board is revealed in its space on the far wall.
"This electronic board will be what decides the matches...at random. We'll announce the first two names for this round when they appear. Please be ready."
And so, the first of the matches is set to begin.


Chapter 34
Scarlet Justice - ep. 34"Full Throttle!"[Chuunin Exams: Third Round Preliminaries 2]
We wait with bated breath for the first pairing to properly appear.
Gaara vs. Tenten
"Will the two fighters step forward...everyone else, please move to the upper levels. Thanks," Hayate says. Everyone does so, finally getting to meet up with their teachers again after a week. I give Kurenai a hug in greeting.
"Happy to see you kids. And I heard you smashed the second round record, too. Congrats."
"Thank you. We're all here and healthy, Kurenai. Let's finish this," I say with confidence.
"Yeah. I'm behind you all the way."
We find ourselves between Team Seven and the remaining members of Team Nine. Naruto waves to me.
"Yo, Lili! Great to see you! Good luck, yeah?"
"Same to you, Naruto."
"If both fighters are ready...begin the first preliminary match," Hayate says.
It ends quickly.
Tenten tries her hardest, but no matter how many weapons she fires, they're useless against Gaara's shield of sand. It's a quick automatic defense that guards him from what seems like every possible angle. So this is what the cloth boy in the forest was warning me about...and it explains why he's said to be untouchable. The poor girl ends up exhausted, and Gaara strikes with high speed, high pressure sand attacks. She can't handle the force after being slammed into a far wall, and slumps over as she's knocked out.
Gaara doesn't even wait for the count before withdrawing his sand and walking away.
"The match is over. Winner, Gaara of the Desert."
Lee jumps down to check on Tenten. She stirs on her own eventually, but is still taken away on a stretcher just to be safe. The medical staff, dressed in white, is quick to respond and surgically effective. They look out over the spectators to see if anything is wrong. A few have dedicated their focus to Sasuke, from what I can tell. Suspicious.
But I know for sure from that match...Gaara was holding himself back. Severely. Is he waiting for something?Sasuke Uchiha vs. Ino Yamanaka
The second match pops up. Sasuke and Ino go down to the arena floor, and Ino moves her headband to her forehead this time. She's taking this seriously, even as she shakes a bit from nerves.
"Begin!"
It's rough to watch. As much as she tries, Sasuke is stronger and faster. He doesn't use his Sharingan for whatever reason, but even then he's more than enough to overwhelm Ino. He launches punches and kicks at her with force before a heavy strike sends her flying into a wall. She tries to get up but is having a lot of trouble doing so. Sasuke keeps away and waits for Hayate to check on her.
"I'm calling it. Winner, Sasuke Uchiha."
I jump down to check on Ino, along with her team. She's coming back to her senses, thankfully.
"Are you okay, Ino?" I ask.
"Now that I can remember where I am, yeah. My pride's shattered," she says with a weak laugh.
I nod. "I take it you're still infatuated with him."
"Heh. Less and less each day. This won't help," she says, wincing as she stands up. "And he obviously went easy on me. Ugh...I'm gonna have to step it up next time. What a way to go." She gives me a smile. "I'll be okay."
I smile back. She will be fine. And if need be, I will make sure of it.
"Lili...shine bright in your match. Got it?"
"Count on it," I reply. After clearing checks with the medical shinobi, Ino heads back up top with Choji and Asuma. The next match has already been decided.
Shikamaru Nara vs. Zaku Abumi
Match three. The arm that Zaku has in a sling might be a bluff...but we don't get to see the results of that. Shikamaru has apparently already downloaded every relevant thing about this guy, and makes short work of him. A quick smoke bomb feint before using his Shadow Imitation technique to manipulate Zaku into nearly blowing his own head off. In any case, he's knocked out and unable to continue.
Shikamaru cracks his neck. "Damn...I was hoping it would be a bit more difficult. Now I gotta show off in front of a bigger crowd later. What a pain in the ass."
I want to punch him. A lot. Right now.
"Winner, Shikamaru Nara."
"Yeah! You go, Shikamaru!" Ino yells from the balcony. Her spirits aren't dampened, which is good. He groans in response and slowly makes his way back towards his team. The names for the next match appear.
Rock Lee vs. Sakura Haruno
The look of disgust on Sakura's face is glorious. Ino is trying to suppress her laughter on the other end. Lee meanwhile is in hysterics, ready to curse the gods themselves for his fate. The two participants get to their positions, each in a state of depression for their own reasons.
"Uh...yeah. Begin."
"Sakura...forgive m-"
"AAAAAAAAA!"
She charges him quickly with tears in her eyes, drawing kunai and slashing as fast as she can. Oh...I really hadn't noticed it before. Her hair is shorter now compared to the start of the examinations. I wonder what happened there. Ino's hair is the same length as before, and they were in proximity of each other the very last time I checked before leaving the test area. Hm. Something for later.
As for the match, she's nothing next to Lee. He's crying the entire time, not wanting to lay a hand on his precious flower. He goes on the offensive and Sakura squeaks out of fear, doing a decent job avoiding his love-fuelled grapples before counter attacking. But none of her tricks or feints work on someone that fast, and Lee, with some...well, a lot of urging from the women in the gallery, resolves to end it.
"F-forgive me! Sakuraaaaaaaa!"
"Guh...!"
"Gentle...Leaf Whirlwind!"
He lands a spinning kick with reduced power, but it's still more than enough to launch Sakura into the air. She lands hard on her back and seems like she's out cold.
"Winner, Rock Lee."
"Wow. That was harsh," Shino says sarcastically.
I sigh, wondering if this is a tournament, or a traveling circus meant to entertain the adults. The Hokage seems like he's had enough of all of us already. Sakura comes to and as soon as she gets up, Ino makes sure to indicate that it's a walk of shame by bursting into laughter. Kakashi has to hold Sakura back, though it doesn't take much.
"You damn pig! I'll get you! I'll make bacon out of your fat ass!" Sakura screams.
"Come and try it! All I have to do is make like I'm gonna hug you and you'll piss yourself, you prissy bitch!"
"I'll kill you!"
"I'll break your arms first!"
Lively for two people who got knocked out in the first round. But who am I to stifle the passions of aspiring warriors?
"Sakura," I say to her as she arrives.
"Lilith."
"You did well to get this far, so be proud of yourself."
"Ah...yeah, thanks. I appreciate that."
"Of course. After all..." I give her the most smug smile I can muster. "There's always next year."
She's so flustered that she can't speak, instead turning away to hit her head on the wall. Perfect.
Bullying is amazing.
"Sakura, you just got knocked out...that doesn't seem healthy."
"Kakashi-sensei, go away. I only exist to feel pain..."
He shrugs and goes back to reading his dirty book. The ideal of responsibility.
Yoroi Akado vs. Temari
Match five. This Yoroi character isn't one that I've seen much of. He seems quite unique, though...hm. His name does match up neatly with Kabuto's, doesn't it.
"Ah...the technique in his hands. I think...that's meant to take away chakra," Hina says. There is indeed a glow in his hands. Interesting.
So this match was his worst possible outcome.
I now have a name for our cute blonde from the Sand - Temari. And she's every bit as dangerous with that giant fan as I imagined. She immediately pushes Yoroi back with bursts of wind, and then slices into him with precise attacks before deciding to end it.
"Here's one for the road, buddy!"
She sends whirling tornadoes from three sides, slamming into Yoroi and suspending him in a mass of cutting winds. With a jump, she rides her fan into the air and then comes down with it as the winds disperse, smacking Yoroi to the ground where he lies still.
"Is this the best the Leaf can churn out? Pathetic," she sneers. She slams her fan onto Yoroi's chest as he lies unconscious. Mm. Spicy, isn't she.
"Yoroi is unable to continue. Winner, Temari."
It's as I analyzed, yes. Strong, an expert ranged fighter...and very nice legs.
Match six is coming up on the screen. And...
Lilith Kobayashi vs. Choji Akimichi
Well...this is a unique set up, to be sure.
"Good luck, Boss."
"Be safe, Lili..."
"You've got this one."
I nod to my comrades. "I'll be back soon." I body flicker down to the arena floor. Choji crams down a bundle of beef jerky before taking his position. He seems focused, and I wasn't planning on taking him lightly in the first place.
Okay. Let's begin.
"Fighters ready," Hayate says.
"Ready as I'll ever be!" Choji yells.
"Ready," I reply tonelessly.
"Begin!"
"Go for it, fatass!" Ino yells from above. An insult? But why would she...?
"D-dammit...I'm not FAAAAAAT! I'M PLEASANTLY PLUMP!"
A hidden trigger. I remember Shikamaru stopping short of calling him fat during our first proper conversation...a reflex he learned. So that's it, then...well now that he's motivated, we can see what we're in for.
"Going in strong! Multi Size Jutsu!" He expands outwards to become a massive, round ball. "And now...let's go! Leaf Style Taijutsu: Human Bullet Tank!"
He starts to spin rapidly before shooting towards me. Not wasting any time, then...
Fine. Let's give him the care he deserves. I'll back off and figure out what I can do during the fight. First move is to dodge the incoming attack. Deceptively quick as he rolls around, but not enough to overwhelm me. There's a speed he likes to move at, zipping from side to side before charging. I set that speed in my mind, as I want to do some thinking while moving on autopilot.
So here we are. Multi Size Technique. He probably can expand any part of his body for added weight and damage. Dodging another attack, I observe his movement. Turning ability is low. He chooses to stop spinning and then reverse. This is...a finishing move, primarily. The team set up explains it, and there have been fifteen generations of this so...there's that much to be said for the effectiveness. Yamanaka or Nara can hold the enemy in place, and Akimichi can deliver the final blow in the meantime. Seems to work that way.
In a contest of pure strength, Choji has the upper hand. But compared to most, his speed is lacking and he can't immediately close on them. That makes landing attacks hard. The other person has to make the first mistake.
"Come on, Choji! Get that fat ass of yours into gear!" Ino is still delivering her encouragement, which I don't mind much. I continue to move around, observing. Choji starts to bounce himself off the nearby walls and towards me, trying to catch me off guard. However, he's slower in the air...I move out of the way easily as he cracks the tiles on the floor with his landing.
I don't have much of a means to take him out normally. Touching him would result in my hand likely being sanded down...at best. His fatness makes it hard to penetrate with my usual arsenal. And the chakra mode isn't of any use at this time, aside from possibly electrocuting him at the first opportunity. But I know that he can't keep up that rolling form forever.
"Oi, Choji! You can't keep dragging it out!" Shikamaru yells. He must have figured that much out from his position. Choji will have to do something drastic...a melee fight puts him at a severe disadvantage against me. Trying to clash with ninjutsu, not any better. His chakra is being chewed up by the Multi Size Jutsu, and I realize why he eats so much in the first place. At this moment, the ball is on his side of the floor.
"Uwooooooooh!" He spins in place rapidly before suddenly shooting forward at high speed.
I lock in my timing to dodge.
"Eat this! Giant Double Arrrrrrrrrrrm!"
"!" He breaks out of his roll and rockets towards me, both of his arms enlarged to truly massive sizes.
"Nowhere to run! You're through!"
"Good work, Choji!" Shikamaru yells.
"..." No. There's still a gap. It's small, but there. And compared to what I've been through so far...I don't feel any fear from this scenario. This is nothing to me. All I need to do is burst forward for a second...focus my chakra to the feet, and...
"Accelerate."
"?!"
I explode forward, leaving my feet. Head on, there's truly no room. But I twist myself sideways and brush through the gap between his giant fists with my small frame. Measure twice...cut once. His eyes widen before my chakra boosted elbow slams into his face, arresting his momentum completely. I bounce backwards from the impact and twist in the air before landing softly. Choji falls to the ground on his stomach, bouncing twice as his arms shrink down before coming to rest. Hayate starts the count and I wait patiently a fair distance away.
It was an impressive attack. He should be proud of himself for moving and executing it so smoothly.
"But...that's not good enough to beat me," I say. "Sorry about that, Choji."
"Ten. That's it. Choji Akimichi is unable to continue. Winner, Lilith Kobayashi."
"Is he okay?" I ask the medics as they arrive.
"Just a broken nose, looks like. He'll be fine," one says to me.
I let out a breath. "That's good."
"Ah, this is my fault." Ino looks over her dazed teammate. "I told you to go out and do your best, and I guess you did. Just wish you didn't draw big boy, here." She looks at me. "But that last attack...I mean, sheesh. What exactly were you thinking there?"
I shrug. "About winning, I guess. Not much else to consider."
"Heh. So simple...but so like you, too."
"I don't think it would have mattered what he did. After all, she was holding back the entire time. Insane last second moves aside," Shikamaru says.
"These are just the preliminaries. No need to show off all my tricks just yet," I reply.
He groans. "Damn. You're a major pain in the ass, Kobayashi. I really wanted you to lose, and not just because Choji's my friend..."
"I told you before. I'll kick your ass if you come at me halfway, slacker."
"Ugh..."
"Start praying that you don't draw her in the finals, eh? I'm gonna go with Choji. See you later, Lili!" Ino gives me a wave as she leaves with the medics, and I wave back.
"Impressive stuff. It's no wonder Dad talks about you so often...looking forward to see what you can do in the next round, Lili," Asuma says to me.
I nod towards him. "No problem. I'll do my best as the Hokage has instructed."
"Heh. Glad to hear it."
I ascend back onto the balcony, only to be immediately smothered by Hina as soon as my feet touch ground. Shino and Kurenai congratulate me.
"Good work, Boss."
"Those were some moves out there," Kurenai says.
"You were so graceful, as always," Hina says to me.
"Thanks, everyone."
The next match.
Kankuro vs. Shino Aburame
"They have no data on you, so you can go wild this once," I tell Shino.
"Understood, Boss."
Shino jumps over the railing to meet his opponent, a boy dressed in black with purple face paint. He looks like one of those puppet show actors, come to think of it. There's that weird item wrapped in bandage from before. Kankuro...so we have the names of all three Sand children, then.
"Hey...those Sand guys are strong. Does that weirdo Shino really have a shot against him?" Naruto asks.
I flip my hair back dramatically and address him. "It seems that you don't understand, Naruto."
"Huh?"
"That mysterious boy is Team Eight's master tactician. A person of many different styles, and with an ice-cold persona to match. The legacy of the Leaf's great bug-using clan. He is none other than the boy wonder himself, and my valuable right hand."
I gesture down below to him.
"His name...is Shino Aburame."
Shino gives me a thumbs up as I finish my speech. I return to my position and ignore the exasperated look Kurenai gives me.
"Hina, can you see what that object is?"
"Yes...it looks to be for...the puppet technique."
"Puppet...yes, the Sand is known for that sort of art."
"And begin!" Hayate calls out.
"Well. This should be light work for Shino," I say.
Shino makes a seal and starts his movements, baiting Kankuro into attacking an insect clone...or rather, the puppet that took on Kankuro's appearance. But the advantage comes to nothing, as the Kankuro hiding in the roll of cloth is drained as well, Shino covering all of his bases with ease. A bad first round matchup for the Sand child.
"Winner, Shino Aburame."
Shino returns, and we bump fists.
"As expected of my right hand," I say with a smile.
"I couldn't let you down, Boss."
Match eight brings us to...yet another unfortunate event for Team Nine.
"Oh dear," Kosugi says, sighing too dramatically for my tastes.
Kiba Inuzuka vs. Koichi Nagano
"This bites...first Erika leaves, now this." Kiba jumps down to his position and faces his teammate. "Dammit...you better win it all after this, Dark."
"I understand...I will carry your essence into battle, and us-"
"God, shut up! Ref, start the fight already!" Kiba yells.
Hayate coughs. "Yeah. Begin."
"Alright, Akamaru!"
"Eddie...let's make this quick. For his sake." Dark makes several seals before clapping his hands. "Earth Release! Light-Weight Rock Jutsu!"
To my utter shock, the bird lifts the apparently super-light Dark into the air...by his hair spikes. Dark draws two kunai, and Eddie takes them both into a high speed dive.
"Ah, crap! Akamaru, get ready!"
"Arf!"
"Here we are! Four Legs Technique!" Kiba drops down to the ground on all fours, emitting chakra and becoming more feral in appearance. Akamaru jumps onto his back. "Beast Human Clone!" Akamaru transforms into a copy of Kiba, and because of the earlier technique, they look incredibly similar. They separate and start to synchronize their breathing and movements as Dark approaches.
"Let's go! Fang Passing Fang!"
Dark easily dodges the rapid attacks, moving in the air with Eddie's help. The crossing attacks cause damage to the arena, throwing up dirt and dust into the air. I watch as Dark tosses a small sphere at Kiba, who reacts by swiping at it and breaking it open.
"Gah...!"
Kiba begins to cough harshly as Dark closes in from above, carried again by Eddie. They go into a rapid spin, becoming a dark vortex that looks like it will fill the room.
"Heightened senses mean heightened vulnerabilities. A blade with two edges, one that will cut you if you're not careful. Now...experience darkness, Kiba."
"Ugh...Akamaru! We gotta-"
"Witness...Forbidden Mystic Taijutsu: Black Tornado!"
The darkness engulfs Kiba and Akamaru, leaving them inside a whirling black tornado. It's made of chakra, that much I can tell...Kiba and Akamaru both let out cries of pain before the tornado disappears, leaving them unconscious on the ground. Dark lands and dramatically stands with his back towards them.
"Messastsu..."
"..." Oh dear god. He even makes winning look as lame as possible.
"Winner...Koichi Nagano."
Dark whispers to Hayate, who rolls his eyes before coughing.
"Also known as...Phantom the Dark."
I am cringing.
He carries Kiba and Akamaru back up to the balcony, leaving them with Kosugi. "My apologies, Goddess. But...I could not hold back my cursed strength enough."
"Ah...you shouldn't do that. Remember, the best sign of respect is to give it your all." Kosugi puts her hands on his cheeks. "Don't hold back, okay?"
"My Goddess...yes, I will remember your words."
"Good~!"
Something about that woman is off. Defintely strange...aside from the fact that she's being called goddess, but that can be chalked up to that chuuni idiot's imagination. A strong idiot, but an idiot all the same.
Match number nine. Home stretch.Hinata Hyuuga vs. Dosu Kinuta
"Hina...good luck."
"Yes." Her demeanor has changed. She's focused. I watch her jump down to the arena floor and waste no time setting up, her Byakugan already activated. Neji is watching with interest, with his bloodline limit also on.
"Hmph. I was hoping that I wouldn't have to hurt one of you little girls, but...a fight's a fight," Dosu says.
"Hinata...I don't know if she's going to be alright against that Dosu guy," Sakura says.
"This is the worst possible matchup," I say.
"...yeah. It is."
"And begin!"
"For him, anyways," I finish casually.
"W-what?" Sakura stammers.
Dosu charges forward, and Hinata quickly moves to his side, clinching his right arm for a moment before releasing and setting up on the other side. Her back is turned...
"What's the matter? Too scared to attack, brat?!" Dosu mocks. He rushes at full speed, raising his arm with the strange device on it.
"That thing...! It emits sound waves!" Sakura says. "If Hinata gets hit-"
"There's nothing happening, though," I point out. "She disabled it, I think."
"What...what's happening. My jutsu...you should be on the ground by now!" Dosu yells.
"That object on your arm was emitting chakra before the match began. You were preparing it for something like this. So I did what came naturally," Hinata says as she turns around. "I stopped chakra from flowing through that arm. You wouldn't know it until the last moment. Do you understand? This is the strength of the Gentle Fist. Hyuuga style taijutsu...the strongest in the Leaf."
"You little...!"
"Oh. There's one more thing I feel the need to tell you, Mister Kinuta."
"Huh?"
Hinata takes a stance. "You're in range of my divination." She glances upwards at Neji for a moment. "My apologies...this will hurt a bit."
She gracefully moves towards him before he can react, with her lightning fast first step. And she strikes.
"Eight Trigrams...two palms!"
She strikes Dosu twice.
"Four palms!"
Two more.
"Eight palms! Sixteen palms!"
Four more. Eight more. Each stage done with increasing speed. Dosu is barely on his feet, nothing but a rag doll for Hina to hit endlessly.
"Thirty two palms!"
I can see Neji looking down on her. As if she's still not good enough.
"That's her limit," he says.
"How do I become strong, Lili?"
A warm summer day. Extra practice with shuriken. Hina decided to join me, watching my progress as I hit targets.
"How do I...become someone to be proud of?"
I throw one more shuriken before turning to face her. "Well, you don't have to worry about the last part. I'm already proud of you, Hina."
"I..."
"But the first part...you have to strengthen your heart. Move forward, and your body will follow with a bit of hard work." I set down my weapons and bring her to her feet. "Let's begin, Hina."
"H-huh?"
"Go ahead. Show it to me. Your progress."
"I don't..."
I take her hands in mine. "You can see it. Seize it, Hinata. Grab hold of what's in front of you."
"Is...it okay? To be like that? To do that?"
"Yes," I say to her. "It is. Say it out loud, even if it's just to me. Even if it's our secret."
"..." She pulls my hands towards her.
"Tell me what you want, my love."
And that yearning becomes material, coming from her lips. "Power. I want to be...powerful. I want to rise above myself, and make you proud. I want...I want..."
"...to be strong," I finish. And in this time and place, the girl I call Hina, my beautiful flower...
"Eight Trigrams Sixty Four Palms!"
In this moment. Hina explodes forward with the speed we forged together, and delivers thirty two rapid strikes in a brilliant blur of colour. The final blow rips through the air, and Dosu is sent rocketing along the floor until he bumps against the far wall, unconscious.
Hina slides to her knees, gasping for air. Exhausted...and a magnificent victor.
"Hinata Hyuuga...you are already the strongest there is," I say with a proud smile.
"It's over. Winner, Hinata Hyuuga," Hayate announces.
Hina raises her head and stares defiantly at Neji.
"I am strong. And I will not run away, from anyone or anything. Never again."
"..."
She rises to her feet, and jumps to the upper level on her own.
"You were incredible, Hinata," Kurenai says. "You pulled that one off. Something nobody ever thought you could do. Well done."
"Well done, Hinata," Shino says. "You were dominant."
Hina and I look at each other before sharing a hug.
"I love you so much," I say to her. "You were beautiful."
"Thank you for loving me, Lili. You brought me this far...I won't stop for anyone."
The tenth match.
Neji Hyuuga vs. Misumi Tsurugi
Neji looks like he has a point to prove.
"Begin!"
He takes the same stance that Hinata did earlier, and Misumi is unable to escape in time. He falls victim to Neji's first step and is crushed under the weight of Neji's successive strikes.
"Eight Trigams, two palms! Four palms! Eight palms! Sixteen palms! Thirty two palms!"
He drives Misumi back towards a wall and ends it.
"Eight Trigrams Sixty Four Palms!" The last blow slams Misumi back first into the wall, cracking it apart as he slumps over.
"Winner, Neji Hyuuga."
He stares up at Hinata, who doesn't flinch. She looks back at him with determination.
"Your small strides mean nothing. People...cannot escape their fates. You will never be strong, Lady Hinata. That is something you have to accept."
"..."
He quietly returns to his team before the final match begins.
Naruto Uzumaki vs. Kin Tsuchi
"Aw yeah! Saving the best for last!"
Yeah, right. He's been itching for a fight all day.
"Hey, idiot. Don't lose," I say. Naruto blows a raspberry at me before dropping to the floor.
"Well, little boy...you'd be better off quitting now and saving us both the trouble. You barely made it out of the forest, you know?" Kin taunts.
Naruto grins maliciously and brings his hands close together.
"Begin!"
"Shadow Clone!"
At least fifty clones surround Kin, who is now pale with fear.
"Couple of my friends here disagree. Maybe you want a second opinion...or a tenth...or a thirty third..."
"I was just jo-"
"GET HER!"
Well, I can say one thing...he's got no problems hitting women.
"Winner, Naruto Uzumaki."
"That's how ya get it done!" he yells with a beaten Kin in the background. "See that? Too easy!"
That Kin woman really was a joke, though. What a useless character.
With that last match, or whatever you called it, the preliminaries are completed. For most of us, it ended up being simple. I wonder how that will affect the upcoming fights.
The Hokage starts to explain what will happen in the upcoming finals.
Hm. One month between rounds.
"This is the time needed to arrange the event properly, for you to rest, and for you to go over the data you've collected. Since you've already seen what your rivals can do, the battles from here one out will be more intense."
Makes sense. And I've already gathered some information on the winners so far. In terms of combat power, my most trouble will likely come from Gaara, Neji, and Lee...there are others obviously, but those are the top three right now. But with a month to prepare, the one who can do the most damage overall is Shikamaru...
Anko comes around with a small box as we've gathered together. It has pieces of paper inside for a draw. She winks at me as I draw my piece, and I wink back in return.
"Now, each of you will tell us the number on the paper you've drawn," the Hokage says. I hadn't noticed before, but Sasuke is absent. Obviously something shifty going on there...but it's not my place to worry about it right now. Not that I even want to.
Ibiki writes on his clipboard, and nods to the Hokage when he's done.
"Good! Now, here's the selection for the final tournament!"
Oh, so it was for that after all. Interesting way to go about it...Ibiki is showing us the arrangements, and they are:
(8) Temarivs. [Match 1](9) Shino Aburame
(7) Shikamaru Naravs. [Match 2](10) Koichi Nagano
(6) Naruto Uzumakivs. [Match 3](11) Neji Hyuuga
(4) Gaara of the Desertvs. [Match 4 -Quarter](5) Lilith Kobayashi
(1) Hinata Hyuuga (Bye)vs. [Match 5 - Quarter](Winner of 8 vs. 9)
(2) Rock Lee (Bye)vs. [Match 6 - Quarter](Winner of 7 vs. 10)
(3) Sasuke Uchiha (Bye)vs. [Match 7 - Quarter](Winner of 6 vs. 11)
(Winner of Match 4)vs. [Match 8 - Semi](Winner of Match 5)
(Winner of Match 6)vs. [Match 9 - Semi](Winner of Match 7)
Grand Finals:(Winner of Match 8)vs. [Match 10 - Final](Winner of Match 9)
Of all the luck in the world...I drew the psychopath that everyone was giving me warnings about. Seems like I'm not meant to have an easy life at all, then. That suits me fine enough. Another chance to draw blood.
"..." I twirl my hair around my finger in thought. Mm...actually. There was that remark, that he had never been scratched in battle before. It's just a bit lewd, isn't it...I'll be taking his first time. I'm shivering a bit, thinking about how scandalous it sounds...
Shikamaru does something other than complain for once, bringing up an important question. How do these evaluations work for promotion?
"There will be judges, including myself and the lords and ladies of other nations, to evaluate you," the Hokage responds. "If you are judged to have the necessary qualities of a chuunin, you will be promoted regardless of how many matches you win. Likewise, you can win the tournament and still not earn a promotion."
So advancing just means more chances to impress the judges. But if you do it right the first time, you don't even have to win a match. Meaning everyone can potentially become a chuunin...and potentially nobody can become a chuunin. Interesting approach.
"You are all dismissed until a month from now. Thank you for your effort thus far, and good luck!" The Hokage waves us off, and we disperse with our groups. The long week is finally over, and Team Eight has survived the tough road that is the Chuunin Exams. All three of us are in the final round. We might even have to fight each other, and with the way the bracket is set up, it can easily happen quickly.
But...we can worry about that later. I yawn and stretch my arms as we prepare to leave the tower and the miserable forest altogether.
What a week...I want some milk as soon as possible.


Chapter 35
Scarlet Justice - ep. 35"Transitions"

I head home and think about getting into the bath. My hair hasn't been taken care properly for an entire week, my skin needs to be properly moisturized, I need to wash properly and do my nails...so much to take care of and so little time to do it.
"Finally. It's so good to be home." I bask a moment in the cool air filling the apartment.
"Miss Lilith."
"Luna." I turn to see her emerge from her room.
"Welcome home. Please...allow me to take care of you."
I decide not to protest, and head into the bathroom with her. She runs the water and after we undress, she makes sure to tend to my hair with the most precise and loving care. I feel so refreshed already. Her hands are nimble and soft as they run through my hair, and I sit patiently on a small stool as she kneels behind me.
"How did you do?" she asks me.
"All three of us made it to the final round. It takes place a month from now, and by then the location will be selected and notices will be sent out to the participants."
"I expected nothing less than greatness from you, Miss Lilith. And it's wonderful that your comrades are right there with you."
"You should have seen them, Luna. Hina and Shino were fantastic, both as teammates and in their solo fights. I've never been so proud of them."
"I'm so glad to hear it. Lady Midoriko is away, but I will give her a call later. She wanted to know about your progress as soon as possible."
"Yes. I wasn't expecting to stay in that tower for so long, but what's done is done. I'll get to tell her in person soon enough."
"You will. Miss Lilith, I will need some time to properly tend to your hair. I want it to feel just right after your experience..."
"As long as you desire, Luna. Thank you for this."
"I am at your service, always." She hums to herself as her fingers undo my tangles expertly. Washing, and cleaning, and rinsing...there's more to come, but only after I get out of the bath. I've missed these moments...more than that, I've missed Luna. I love being with her so much.
I wash her back and then we get into the tub together, soaking for a while and relaxing quietly. Perhaps a bit too quietly...I might be falling asleep at this point.
"You seem tired, Miss Lilith."
"A little bit. But I want to eat your cooking. The food in that stupid tower was only good to keep me energized..."
"A light snack, then. I can make something quickly for you, along with your long desired milk."
"Oh, I've missed that as well..."
Luna tends to my hair a bit more and we dry off before getting dressed in light clothing. She makes me a snack as promised, and I tear through it before drinking down two bottles of the fortified milk. So delicious...how I missed these flavours. I never took Luna's cooking for granted, but my appreciation has still increased.
"Midori-nee is busy, so..." I yawn as Luna washes my plate. "Is it okay if I...sleep with you?"
"Of course, Miss Lilith. I would be happy to. My bed, or yours?"
"Yours..."
"You still think of me so often."
"I don't know how I could do anything else." I yawn again. Am I really that tired? I don't know, but...I feel like I could just sleep right now. Luna helps me up and shuts off all the lights as we head to her room.
"Luna..."
"Yes."
"I love you...a whole lot..."
She pulls me into her arms as we lie down. "I know. I've always known, Miss Lilith."
"Believe in...me..." I feel my eyes close. "This...mm. Flower...of heaven."
"I always have...and always will," I hear Luna say. And finally, I sleep as my body wants to.

I dream a familiar dream. Mom is here again. I can see her face...very cute and rosy, with eyes almost like mine. They're bright and orange. Her red hair is long and swirls around her, shimmering in the strange lights of my dream world.
She holds my face in her hands gently, and I can feel a familiar warmth. It feels so good, but the memory is so painful at the same time. Bittersweet.
"You're doing well, Lili."
"Am I? Really?" I ask her.
"Yes. I'm proud of you."
"Mommy...what about-"
"I meant it. I know about all of that. I am proud of you, Lili." She smiles and her kindness makes my heart melt. "Don't come this way, okay? Not for a long while...I miss you so much, and I would like nothing but to dance with you forever. But I'll send you back with the strength I have left. No matter how much it might hurt to do so."
"Mommy, don't worry. I won't come this way. I have too much to do."
"You do. It's good that you have two big sisters and a strong mother now. Keep trusting them."
"Yes. I understand. You're so remarkable, Mom. You're too good for him. You...always were."
She smiles at me again. "You were the only thing between us that I didn't regret."
"Did...you love him?" I ask.
"Yes. With all of my heart and soul."
I watch my vision fade. I watch her fade away, slowly.
"And that...is why I hate him so much now."

My eyes open to the morning light. Luna holds me against her, quietly breathing. I twist a lock of my hair around my finger and look at it. This scarlet shade...a reminder of her. My mother's legacy.
"...yes. I hate him too."

It's warm again today, but not oppressively so. Midori is visiting again. I tell her about the exams and my achievements. As always, she's very proud of me and gives me one of her amazing hugs. I wonder how she feels so soft and comfy...but it doesn't matter, as long as I get to enjoy it.
Luna is away at her dance classes. So Midori wants to prepare something special for her eyes only. Well, and mine, I suppose. She finds one of Luna's maid outfits and of course, it fits her snugly. From there we start our photo shoot.
"Raise the skirt a little with your hands," I instruct. Based on my memory, I think I should be able to get the proper angles for this sort of thing. Luna will love it. It's going to be a surprise for later.
"Like this?"
"Just like that. Perfect," I say. I snap a photo and set it on the nearby table as it comes out of the camera. The maid outfit boosts her appeal higher than I could have imagined. Luna is so lucky.
"I've actually never done this before, even if it was my idea. Does...it look good?" she asks gently.
"Very sexy," I say honestly, taking another photo.
"Thank you. Quite the compliment," she says with a light blush. She leans back against the wall, arms above her head. "What about this pose? Good?"
"Good." I snap a few more shots.
"One month to the main event, then. It should be an exciting time," she says. I watch as she sits on the floor, legs behind her as she looks up towards me. I get into a good position and snap more photos, then wait for them to come out of the camera in order. The high socks make her thighs look plump, so I focus on getting those in the shot. "Your first match is Gaara, then. The boy from the Hidden Sand."
"You know about him?"
"Yes. He's a jinchuuriki, like Naruto is...only he's taken a darker path. It's to be expected, seeing how villages tend to treat their hosts. In addition to that, he's the Kazekage's youngest son. His mother is no longer in this world."
"Another discarded," I say with understanding.
"It is so, yes. He certainly has dark designs for the fight with you, especially with all the rumours flying around. The number of people you killed on that one mission keeps increasing."
"Last I heard it was at a hundred. I should have demanded to hear more about it before I killed those two. Unfortunate," I say. Midori stands up and folds her arms underneath her bountiful chest. I have her freeze while I take more shots. Those will do nicely.
"He's apparently never been scratched."
"I kept hearing as much."
"Hmhm...I bet you're excited, Lili. You'll be the first to pop his cherry, you know," Midori says with a smile.
"I've been thinking about it," I admit, blushing. "Putting it like that makes it sound even more scandalous, Midori-nee."
"Hehe. Well...anyways. Maybe you can find some common ground as prolific killers? Or you can just shatter him to pieces since that's always quicker. Far as I'm concerned, it doesn't matter much. The Hidden Sand sending someone so dangerous and so valuable to the Leaf is a desperation move, knowing his tendencies. It's bothersome, thinking about it. And there are other similar events, unfortunately." Midori sits on the couch and beckons me closer. She leans back, relaxing herself, and I take more photos in the meantime. "One of these is cause for concern. That man, from the Three Shinobi is here somewhere. The trash...Orochimaru."
I think about the events of the exams, and that feeling I couldn't place. "Perhaps it was him that I felt earlier."
"There's no doubt. He must have been snooping around the examinations for some filthy reason. But...I'm not going to get involved with that sort of garbage until the promised time. There are two conditions for my intervention. First is obviously if he comes near you and tries to harm you. I'll erase him in an instant. Second...if he tries to touch the old man."
"Lord Hokage?" I ask.
"Mm-hm. Nobody knows what something like that will do to the current power structure. I want things stable for my own reasons, so I'll step in at that point. But I have no obligations to help the Leaf, just so you know. If I do step in, don't expect me to be a hero."
"Understood." There are dynamics at play that I feel I would be drowned in if I tried to follow them. For now, I can stay out of them and trust Midori. The time will come when I will be entrusted with responsibility and greater strength.
"As a result of this, don't be surprised at an increase in ANBU presence. If they're aware he's here, I venture a guess that they would like to contain him within the village. It's possible that this is a risky play...after all, he did grow up here."
"Would you know what that man is here for?" I ask. Midori leans forward in her seat and poses for me. I capture her glowing face with more shots.
"Whispers here and there tell me that he's after the Uchiha boy. Perhaps he knows about the Sharingan awakening, or wants him for something else...I can't say at the moment."
Little wonder the higher ups were fussing over him so much. Though...Orochimaru. Did it have anything to do with the injury Sasuke kept nursing earlier? Hm. "Do you think they had a meeting?"
"I wouldn't be shocked."
"Sasuke looked like he was in pain during the preliminaries. He was touching his neck. There's also a woman I saw with the same wavelength as me."
"You mean Anko-chan, yes?"
"Yes."
"I was going to talk to her about you...well, I might do so anyways. It all depends on what you want to do in the end. As for the injury to the neck, it's not that at all. He's likely been branded in the same way that Anko was."
"Branded?" I ask.
"A dark temptation called a Cursed Seal. It gives the user power in exchange for their sanity...I suspect Sasuke used it at least once before, and then was instructed not to do anything to activate it again. Did you see what happened to him?"
"I didn't. He disappeared while we were doing the final seeding."
"Hm. I have to wonder if they're giving him a means to deal with the curse...hopefully it's the case."
This sounds dangerous. And Sasuke...I wouldn't trust him not to tap into that power if it meant defeating me.
"You shouldn't worry too much, my love. Things will fall into order as needed. Now, I think we have more than enough for Luna. She deserves a treat or two, since I've been away a while...hopefully these make her heart race." She giggles. "And perhaps you could take some more photos of her for me to keep."
"I can arrange that," I say. Midori smiles and pats my head.
"Very good. Now, what I meant earlier...you have about a month to do some training for the final round, right? You can very easily go as you are, but I suspect that you want some insurance. Not just for this match, either."
I nod, wondering what she's thinking.
"Since you've improved your skill with lightning chakra and technique, I can teach you something. In particular, a technique that would suit you far better than Kakashi-chan's silly Lightning Edge."
"Hm." A jutsu better for me than that...it does sound exciting, honestly. I can't wait to see it.
"Anko can help you a bit on her own as well, since she owes me some favours for silly things...mm. That's all I really have for now." She pats me on the shoulder. "Don't rush yourself, Lili. Really think on what you want to spend the month doing. Hina has been improving from what you've told me, so maybe you could boost her some more?" I see her eyes sparkle with mischief. "It'd make her a tastier prey, you know..."
Well, Hina is already delicious enough on her own, but...adding a little spice to a possible battle wouldn't hurt either. "I'll think on that, too."
"Good." Midori stands up and stretches. "Now, while I'm in this cute outfit...I'll make something for us to eat, like Luna would. It's been a while since I've cooked, though...so please bear with me."
She hurries to the kitchen and goes through the fridge, and I sit at the table to wait for her.
"Something simple, I think...some steak, vegetables...hm..." Midori puts on an apron over her outfit and smiles to herself before going to work. She's clean and precise with her movements, and I wonder how out of practice she thinks she is.
When she finishes and I take my first bite, I feel like I should be paying for the food in front of me on principle. This is supposed to be 'out of practice'?
"How is it?" she asks me.
"You really can do everything, Midori-nee. It's heavenly," I say with happiness. But she really is amazing.
Not shocking, though...she's my big sister, after all.

"Mm~!"
It's the next morning. Still about four weeks left before the final round begins. Hina happily bites into the cinnamon roll that I bought her as a treat, since she loves them so much. Today we're having a quick meeting as Team Eight before training starts in earnest.
"I will be training with my father," Shino says. "For the most part, we will be training in clan techniques, so it's not anything that either of you can help with."
"That's fine. What about jogging?" I ask.
"Pass."
"I figured. That was all that I wanted to ask about, Shino."
"Alright. I'll see you both in a while. Good luck." Shino heads home. It's not that he's being cold, I know that much. He's seriously thinking about how he can fight Temari, with her long range wind attacks. Lightweight insects won't make much headway against that, not directly anyways. Maybe bugs under the earth? Things to consider since we might meet during the tournament.
"Hina, what about you?"
She finishes her chewing and swallows before answering. "Um...I meant to work on clan techniques also. But we can still do things like general footwork together, Lili. That was what helped me complete the Eight Trigrams, anyways...it was all thanks to you."
"That's too much credit."
"Even if you think so...thank you."
I smile and pet her head gently, while she nibbles at her cinnamon roll. I think a bit on what I can do...Kurenai is an option, though I'm not sure if her type of skill set will be immediately useful against the opponents in this tourney. But I'll never truly know until I try.
Kakashi has helped me in the past, but he'll be busy with Naruto...or more likely, Sasuke. If Sasuke is in this tournament, he will be training to fight either Naruto or Neji. Hinata will have to deal with either Shino or Temari. Which brings to mind another question.
"What would you do about long range?" I ask Hina.
"Oh...there are clan techniques for that also. Because Hyuuga is invested in the tournament and their reputation, they've provided me more training for that purpose, along with Hanabi. We'll be working side by side."
That's her little sister, if I remember right. So the Hyuuga have those kinds of contingencies as well? Maybe the boast about being the Leaf's strongest clan isn't just empty talk.
"Lili, what are you going to do?" Hina asks.
"I'm thinking about it. I might train with Midori-nee in the end."
"Ah...you did say she was an elite also. That sounds good for you..." She goes back to her eating.
"Yes..." I sigh and think about what I want to do next. It will take a bit more thinking...in the meantime, there are some things that I want to take a look into.

After wishing Hina luck on the first part of her training, I venture out into the village to find Ino. The first place I check is the flower shop, and she's not in...
"Lili?"
"I was looking for you," I say as I spot her coming down the road. "Working today?"
"Nah, I was just in the area. What'd you wanna talk about? Oh, right..."
"Actually..."
"We should exchange numbers," we say in unison. A few moments pass before we giggle together.
"It'd make meeting up a lot easier. Here, I've got cards for stuff like this." Ino takes out two cards and hands me one with a pen. I write my number and trade it for hers. "Perfect. Be warned, I might call in just to talk your ear off."
"That sounds like something I can handle." It's a milestone, really...having a girlfriend that I can talk to freely like this, and who wants to talk to me. Aside from Hina, of course...we do talk on the phone sometimes, and will certainly do more of it as her confidence rises. But it's a different feeling with Ino, really. I suppose all of those high school dramas about feeling important when the popular girl notices you weren't all that far off.
At the least, I know she doesn't like me solely because I'm popular. It's either dislike or fear for the most part...though with the tourney coming up, I might earn some sort of grudging respect among the populace.
"So, what'd you wanna know?" Ino asks.
"I was curious about those two from Team Nine."
"Oh, you mean Erika and Koichi. Or...what was that dumb name he used again?"
I sigh. "Phantom the Dark."
Ino shudders. "That's just too much. I can't believe he's an actual person."
"Say that twice," I mutter.
"Yeah...Koichi Nagano. From what I know, he's part of the Bonus Program that the Hokage set up a long while back. Basically, people emigrate here from other villages and junk, and some kids are already in the shinobi stream. So aside from settling, we have kids from other places who need to get acclimated to the system. That's a normal process by itself. The Bonus Program is for anyone that the Hokage and other officials take note of and think they can fast track, or provide special services to in order to enhance their abilities. Since these are usually Academy or pre-Academy kids, they don't have any detailed knowledge or village secrets. Makes sense since they have to go through a whole process to be approved for emigration and movement of assets without taking huge losses. This is for civilian families with shinobi kids, by the by. Defectors have a...let's call it a different process."
"Ah."
"Your family paid for the opportunity to enroll in the Academy, and you had no previous shinobi connections. Plus the higher ups probably figured you'd be in and out. So you were placed into the normal stream like everyone else who pays tuition, and wouldn't be eligible for the Bonus Program either way," Ino explains. "Koichi was from Earth originally, and on hiatus from his schooling for a year because of an illness. Nothing too bad, he got cured and by the time he came here, he was healthy and ready go. Bonus kids are in a different stream so we don't see much of them."
"That explains him, I suppose. Did he learn that technique we saw here?"
"Yep, we've got all kinds of books on stuff from different nations, 'cause of research, espionage, things like that. So I wouldn't be shocked at him picking that up here."
That makes sense. Lightning Release isn't particularly common here, but I did get access to the chakra mode because of research done earlier. And it wasn't a particularly easy technique, either.
"Erika...she's from the Bonus Program too. I talked to my dad about her earlier, but...well, she's a mystery to a lot of people. So it seems like she's under the wing of the Hokage."
"It would explain some things. The sense I got from her was that she was at least as strong as me, but I suspect she was suppressing her chakra," I say.
"Really, eh...hm. I wonder what it is with all of you cute girls lately. Showing up in town and just blowing everyone away with some kind of monstrous strength," Ino says with a smile.
"Perhaps it is simply the will of heaven that we gather here."
"Maybe. Ah, I dunno...hmm." Ino crosses her arms and thinks for a moment. "You know, if she's on Kiba's team...then his mom would have to be in the loop somewhere. You know a bit about Tsume, right?"
"Not much, I would say."
"That's Kiba's mom, and she's pretty high up in the Inuzuka Clan. Her husband left for reasons when Kiba was young...I say reasons because nobody really knows, and Tsume has pretty famously kept her mouth shut about it. Kind of wild that she's kept that secret for so long, but the world's an amazing place sometimes. Anyways, if Erika has a secret role or something, she would know about it for sure. The Hokage wouldn't put a clan kid on a team of un-vetted rookies, I know that much. Yeah...sorry that I couldn't help more."
"You really should have some perspective sometimes. That is a lot of information, Ino."
"Really? Huh." She rubs at her head. "I mean, Dad does a lot more, so..."
"Ino." I take one of her hands in mine. "You're young. Remember that you have time, alright? You'll be okay...I promise."
"Yeah. Thanks, Lili."
"You're welcome. If you still feel down, call me tonight. I'll listen to you go on about boys as much as you want."
"I really want to rant about that Dark guy. And his horrific aesthetic! It's actually the worst! The worst!" she says as she throws her hands up in the air.
"I'll see you later, Ino." I laugh to myself as we part ways.
"And what was with that guy with the face paint? And those other guys with the weird cloths over their faces? The gods of fashion weep with despair! And does nobody know what to do with their hair?"

I figured that I could find my way towards the district where the Inuzuka live, and sure enough I make it there. No real idea where Kiba's place is, but this part of the village is built with lots of space in mind. There are plenty of clan members with their dogs, and some civilians from what I can see. This must be known as a safe place for dog lovers. Even if some of them can easily tear a human to shreds.
"I assume you have business here, snake child."
I turn to face the the ninken who has appeared behind me. A good deal larger than normal dogs, with a wolf-like appearance. He has an eyepatch over his right eye, and is missing his left ear. Black with a white underside...I can guess at his name, if the clan's schemes for that sort of thing are correct. But I want to be polite.
"I hope I'm not trespassing," I say to him. It didn't cross my mind until now that most of the ninken around can't actually talk. Communicate with certain humans and understand them, yes, but not directly speaking to others like me. But talking animals aren't unusual for me at this point. He seems to take note of this and his initial scrutiny fades off.
"Not at all. But the pack has taken note of you. Your aura is potent..."
"I see. Pardon my intrusion, either way. My name is Lilith Kobayashi, the Scarlet Viper of the Leaf. Lili is perfectly fine as well."
"Hm. You are not intruding, my child. I simply wanted to see what was going on. My name is Kuromaru. My partner is Tsume Inuzuka."
"I was actually looking to speak to her. There were questions on my mind, about a certain person that has been working with her son Kiba."
"The delusional boy?"
"Not him...I doubt he can be explained by any mortal."
Kuromaru chuckles. "Well said. You must mean the panther kitten, then."
I raise a brow. "Panther kitten? You mean to say that girl..."
"Half human, yes."
"Hm. That's a hefty bit of information. Kuromaru, sir. Is Miss Tsume busy at the moment?"
"She should have some time for you. Come, I will take you to her."
"Thank you very much," I say with a bow. We walk through the area, and everyone seems to have relaxed now that Kuromaru and I have established a rapport. We move up to a house with a big front yard and a big tree in it. The trunk is worn from weapons practice and climbing attempts, among other things.
There's another person nearby with three other dogs, who look to be triplets and have fur the colour of ash. Their heads pop up and they head over to see me, sniffing at the air.
"Oh, welcome home. You've brought a visitor, Kuromaru."
"She requested an audience with your mother."
"Hm, that's new." A young woman with long brown hair, tied back into a ponytail. There are two locks of hair that frame her face neatly at the front. She has the same markings on her cheeks as all the other members of the Inuzuka Clan, and light pink lipstick. Her face is notably soft, unlike Kiba's, but I can tell that they're related. This must be his sister, then.
"Very nice to meet you," I say with a bow. She nods and bows back for me. A good choice of outfit too, I would say. Very casual, and close-fitting. But I shouldn't get ahead of myself so soon.
"You as well. You must be Miss Kobayashi, right? I've heard a bit about you. Some wild tales, but mostly good things. Kiba talked about the day you beat Sasuke in sparring, and I remembered that."
"Thank you. Lili is also fine as well, if you'd like."
"Lili. I really like it," she says with a smile. "I'm Hana Inuzuka. Tsume is my mom, as you might have guessed, and Kiba's my little brother. A bit disappointing that he didn't make it to the final round of the exams, but we're proud of him for surviving. Though Mom was...more than a little mean to him."
"She laughed at him for losing," Kuromaru says. "And insisted that it was because he didn't train hard enough."
"It wasn't just mean. It was cruel," Hana says, frowning. "That's not going to help him grow any. Honestly, she just wanted to blow off steam and used him as a way to do it. I know that Kiba needs to work a little harder, but you're not gonna motivate him by making him cry."
"You coddle him too much, Hana."
"I do not." She pouts at Kuromaru. "There's nothing wrong with being protective of my little brother, and I wish you and Mom would get off my case about it sometimes."
Kuromaru sighs and leads me into the house.
"Tsume. You have a guest."
"Yeah?" a voice calls back. "I'm assuming they're worth my time if you brought them all the way here."
Kuromaru brings me to the living area, where a woman with long, untamed and spiky brown hair is laid out on her couch. She yawns and sits up, her sharp teeth glimmering in the light. Her flak jacket is thrown off to the side, and she wears a simple black shirt and pants with the legs rolled up a bit.
Her face looks exactly like Kiba's, so there's really no question who this might be.
"Good morning, ma'am."
"Morning." She sniffs once. "What business you got with me, Red?"
"I wanted to ask some questions about your son's team, and their make up. If that's not prying too much, ma'am."
"Shouldn't be." She grins. "I was just pushing you around a bit, anyways. I know who you are. Scarlet Viper, right? Hell of a job you did on your first mission, and all the rest after that. Smashed the record for the Forest of Death, too. Usually a pain in the ass talking to other shinobi, but I always have time for an elite. Have yourself a seat, Red."
I do as she says and sit on the couch opposite her.
"I'll be outside, Mom. Try not to harass her too much."
Tsume frowns and waves Hana off. Her daughter rolls her eyes, and leaves with the triplets following faithfully.
"Hana's a good, smart kid. But she might be too soft sometimes. That and she fawns over Kiba way too often. At some point she's gotta let him take it on the chin, you know."
"She seems very sweet," I say.
"She is. Wouldn't change her for the world, but...you know. I have my standards, all that. Kiba really should have trained harder. Maybe he did get a bad draw, but seriously. Dunno what I'll do with that kid. He and Akamaru are thick as thieves. But you're probably not here for all of that, huh."
"It's always nice to hear. Family is important," I say to Tsume.
"Damn right. So, let's formally introduce ourselves. Tsume Inuzuka, special jounin and member of the Inuzuka Clan. You've met my partner Kuromaru, my daughter Hana, the Haimaru Brothers that follow her around, my son Kiba and his partner Akamaru."
"My name is Lilith Kobayashi, genin student of the Hidden Leaf, and known as the Scarlet Viper. Lili is also fine, if you would like."
"Good. Lili works for me. So, what did you want to talk about? Not that weak performance by my kid, I hope. God, how could he lose to that chunni idiot..."
"I was wondering what you knew about Erika Kotowari, Miss Tsume."
"Kotowari. The chocolate kitten, eh. Well, it's not super classified stuff. But it would be nice if you kept it to your chest."
"Understood."
"Good, good. Erika's part of the Bonus Program, I'm assuming you know a bit about it?"
"Yes."
"She came here a while ago, but her mom and little sister went back to the Cloud and made her a ward of the state. So basically she's got no real paper trail back to the Cloud or Lightning country other than her name. There wasn't anything she learned or carried over, so she got to start fresh and worked her way up from the bottom. Good kid, quiet, smart, ice in her veins. Talks pretty sparingly, and she's got a sharp tongue when she needs it. The Third wanted a homegrown kid to help anchor the Bonus Program, so when they put the rookie teams together they considered Kiba and gave me the details. I said yes, because it would be a great opportunity for him to learn and take this stuff more seriously than he had before."
"I see. That makes sense."
"Erika's a bit special. She's got power in spades, you can smell it coming off her like I can with you. Kuromaru must have picked up the same thing, I'm guessing."
"I did, yes," he says.
"You've also got a similar scent to Anko, from what I recall. A snake contract, then?"
"Yes."
"Huh. Interesting." She scratches at her hair. "What I was saying...Erika's dad used to be a shinobi for the Cloud. He died on a mission when she was very young, and the family ran into some bad luck. Seeing as the situation in Leaf was improved compared to being out in the Lightning Country sticks, they went over. But...well, from what I remember, the climate was too much for the little sister, whose other half is dormant still. Going back to Cloud would solve their problems, but Erika was starting to fit in. So...Erika got a new life, a fresh start without her family. She wasn't abandoned, mind you. Her mom and sis send messages and postcards every week, little treats here and there. And they talk on the phone, too. She knows what she's here for, and she's pretty happy with it."
"That's very good to hear."
"Yeah. I think she's a little lonely, doesn't like to talk or make friends much. But she keeps Kiba in line, and deals with...what the hell does he call himself, Dark the Edge or some shit like that? I don't care. She deals with the chunni kid damn well, because heaven knows I would have punched his face in by the end of the first day." Tsume sighs. "Far as the other stuff, the Hokage has that under wraps. It's something else in addition to the Bonus Program. Maybe special ops from what I can tell."
"..." I wonder if that was the reason the Hokage suggested ANBU. Placing me with an even-tempered individual like that...we might have been a truly unstoppable team. I don't regret my choice one bit, but I start to wonder.
"Not much else, I think. She quit because she didn't need to finish the exams for her designation. The Hokage's got the power to promote anyone at any time he wants, with evaluations and the like, and the exams are just a place to do it on the world stage and show off to potential clients and investors. Spill red to get green. That's how it is. I don't worry any about her, and really, nobody should. A Leaf baby through and through."
"...do you think there was another angle?"
"Another?"
"Her mother. I would assume she's a full blooded cat person."
"...thinking about it. Yeah. She might have been spooked by that part of it. I'm not clear on how they were treated back in the Cloud, but judging from the material situation, they might have been cut off in some ways after losing status after the dad died. Good catch."
"The important part is that she's here with us, and safe."
"Yeah. No thanks to little monsters like you," Tsume says with a smile. "Hey, come by any time you want. Hana's usually home, and I think she's taken a liking to you. But, uh...she's off limits, if you know what I mean."
I sigh dramatically. "Yes, ma'am."
"Oi, don't you start with me. I know how dangerous you gals can get. Actually, I can't let you leave without making you a bit of breakfast. I'll get Kiba up and he can spend the rest of the morning being jealous of you. Oh, you can tell me about your fight with Choza's big boy! The jounin were going off about it from what I heard. You're a real star, Red. You don't mind if I call you that, do you?"
"Not at all," I say with a smile. Tsume gives me a sharp-toothed grin.
"Great! Tsume's fine with me, whatever you like. We'll get our bellies filled up. Hana! We're cooking!"
"Be right in, Mom!"
"And get that slacker brother of yours up!"
Breakfast should be exciting. Another new ally...it feels as good as always.


Chapter 36
Scarlet Justice - ep. 36"Level Up!"

Training begins in earnest. The end of the first day comes, and I'm resting in a hot tub with Midori and Luna. These warm jets of water feel really good.
The decision was made by Midori after I decided on training with her for the final part of the exams. Our location is a luxury hotel near the middle of the village. It has top class facilities from top to bottom, including food, shopping, and leisure activities. No expense has been spared, and customers are all too happy to spend their money here. Midori produced a deceptively small bundle of money, which immediately snapped the receptionist out of whatever funk she was in. As a result, areas relevant to our interests have been made private, for just the three of us.
"You look a bit uneasy, Luna."
"..." Luna fidgets a bit, unsure how to respond. "Lady Midoriko, I just wonder...are we really taking Miss Lilith's training seriously? Is this a proper way to train? From what I know, and what we've done previously...it doesn't seem right, for some reason. All of this luxury. I'm sorry..."
"Mm." Midori takes a sip from her champagne glass and holds it in her hand. "There's no need to apologize, darling. I think I know what you're feeling at this moment."
"Do you..."
"Yes. Luna...when you think of training, what comes to mind first?"
"Ah..." She thinks for a bit. "Rigorous exercises, and working outdoors. Running, lifting...I suppose the traditional manner of training. Doing hard work and pushing your body, denying yourself of things, even."
"An expected answer. Let me tell you the reality, and why your training in particular has been so abbreviated. Top class athletes all live like this. They have the money to use cutting edge equipment and facilities because of their earnings, and so they take advantage and do what they can to become stronger, faster. They consume supplements and get the best chefs to cook them meals all throughout the day. Lili and I have blue blood running through our veins. We're not commoners who have a need to think about what we spend and where we spend it. 'We' are not like 'them'. And we don't need to train to our limits every day to bring out our powers, or catch up to someone else. That sort of endless, rigorous, painful training, that denial of self...it is good to experience, but we don't need it."
She takes another sip of champagne and lets out a breath.
"We train until we feel sore. Then we rest. We indulge ourselves as a reward for our hard work. And then we repeat the process. Repetition is the key to mastery, and taking care of your body, loving it as best you can, will reap great benefits when you need them the most. Those people who glamorize the lifestyle of hard work and training until you bleed...let them live as they please. While those things are well and good for other people, they're not for us. We don't need to sacrifice like that, and so we won't do so."
Luna is thinking on Midori's words heavily.
"It sounds quite arrogant, doesn't it? You're not wrong to think that much, and it might be so. Either way, I won't apologize for it. We are high maintenance women, people who practice self care so that we can perform at high levels, and then rest until the next event."
"Gaining strength...is it possible to gain as much as you can like this?" Luna asks.
"Hm. There's the issue we needed to get to. Gaining strength is actually very easy to do. Refining and maintaining it is the difficult part. And this is what we set out to do...we hone ourselves as weapons until cutting is as easy as breathing. From there, we do our maintenance and sharpen ourselves. And so on, and so on."
Luna nods. "I think I understand a lot better now. Thank you, Lady Midoriko."
"Good. Don't worry about us, in any case. Even if we do go a bit wild with the ice cream, we'll manage." Midori winks at me, and I smile back.
Looks like we're all on board.

A week passes. We work on my speed some more to bring it to the top, and I can now see that I'm very, very fast. By the end of the week I can keep up with Midori easily, following her back and forth around our training area, accelerating with her, and matching our hand speeds. We can skip rope together so quickly that it feels like heavy winds are blowing through the area; the staff had to come by after the howling got loud enough. We apologized, but they still looked a bit scared of us as they were leaving. This feels like I'm getting close to the peak of my current strength; I will naturally get faster and more explosive as my body grows, and that's not counting the strength of the chakra mode. Speaking of that, while I'm not going to be working too much on it, I have been researching the chakra circulation system while thinking of ways to help Hina out. And I've found some very curious things. Dangerous things, potentially.
I really want to try them. It would be exciting to reach a level that nobody else has. Even if I'm not yet as fast as the Fourth Raikage, I know that I can reach higher than him, or anyone else. I want to feel that arrogant for once in my life, and be able to show it to the world. I want to see the fright on everyone's faces when I become a truly terrifying force of nature. One day, very soon.
Results are coming in, to summarize it. I feel good. Today, I'm comfortably sore and have the day off to play or rest as I want. It's afternoon, and we've done conditioning earlier...what did I want to do with my time? Ino is free...Shino and Hina might be too busy, and I don't want to throw them off their games. Kurenai, maybe? Hmm...
Ah. I know what I want to do. And it's the perfect time, since I'm training and Midori did mention it earlier...
It's a casual sort of time, so I throw on a loose silk shirt and some sweatpants, along with a light jacket on top. And some comfortable wooden zori on my feet, painted pink. I look ready. Time to go, then.
"..."
On a whim, I move towards Luna and Midori's room across the hall. I press my ear lightly against the door and focus.
"Lady Midoriko...we really can't be too loud, so you shouldn't..."
"If that's the problem, then I can just seal your lips like this~"
Hm. Seems like they're busy. I'll leave them alone for now.
I leave the hotel and head down the road, passing the local arcade. I might stop there on the way back, just to have some more fun. Quite a crowd gathered the last time, after I beat that one game with the flying ship a few times. It wasn't just because I was a shinobi, either. There were some there who had trouble with it on the higher levels because of the amount of coordination needed. The owner said there was a secret hardcore mode that he had to unlock manually, so he would do so if I came to the front desk the next time.
There's a familiar face from one of our earlier D-Rank missions as I pass by one of the stores. I realize now that the Hokage really has a deep knowledge and understanding of the village structure. Building rapport with the common villagers is a good way to help with information networks and support. As expected of the man called 'The Professor'.
"Oba-san," I call to the woman sweeping outside. She's middle aged with fuzzy black hair and glasses, and she runs a fruit shop that sells juices and smoothies. "Might I have your help?"
"Oh, you're the girl from Kurenai's group. Lilith, right? Tell me what you need, I'll see what I can do."
"Do you know a woman by the name of Anko Mitarashi?" I ask.
"I know of her. She comes by every once in a while off peak and asks for a lot of fruit crammed into her smoothies. I don't know where she puts it all. She has a huge sweet tooth, so...your best bet is to go over to the Dango-ya. You know where it is?"
"I do, I've been there a few times. That's the first place I'll check, then. Thank you so much, oba-san."
"It's no trouble at all. You were a huge help that time, and business has never been better. Drop by whenever you like, okay?"
"I'll be sure to visit soon. Please be well." I bow to her before leaving for my destination. As I walk, I notice the fat-chested sensei, Kosugi, on the side of the road talking to Erika.
Half human, then...I wouldn't think it at a glance.
"..."
I can talk to her later. Right now, I don't want to be in proximity of the walking pair of breasts. Something is just...so irritating about her. My current mission is to have a meeting with the examiner who caused a 'newtype flash' like in that mecha show I watched the other day. She has an aura like that masked man...or...no. No, that's actually me. Ah, well.
I reach the Dango-ya after taking a few shortcuts across the village to save time. As I enter, I immediately see my target.
"Yum, yum~! Ah, it's less than a month before the next event! Nothing like some dango and juice to keep spirits high!" She happily munches on a stick of dango. I slide into the seat across from her at her booth, and she takes note of me after escaping her reverie. Her eyes remind me of Erika's, only they're light brown instead of hazel.
"Mitarashi-sensei, isn't it?" I ask.
"Oh! You're from Team Eight, yeah? The record holders in the second test...completed in less than an hour. Really great stuff." I can see that she has two pitchers of juice for herself, and sticks piled high on a plate nearby - discards from the dango she's been eating. There's having a sweet tooth, and then there's going overboard. This...this is a few thousand leagues below the sea, relatively speaking.
"Yes, I am. And I'm-"
"The Hidden Leaf's Scarlet Viper! Top class rookie, Lilith Kobayashi!"
"Oh, so you know of me already."
"Nishishishi~! How could I forget something like that? But...I'm sure you didn't come to see me based on my reputation. A violent glutton like me...eh? Or is it about the contract?"
I nod. "Those things are part of it. Midori-nee mentioned you by name."
She chews on a piece of dango while nodding, then stops in surprise and swallows. "Midori...nee-chan? Hm? You mean...Midoriko? Aneki?"
"Ane...ki?" I repeat.
"Yeah...she mentioned me? Really..." She smiles. "So she didn't forget me after all..."
"Something like that is impossible. You're too much of a unique character," I say to her.
"Gahahaha! You're right! Eh...Lilith, right?"
"Lili is fine."
"Got it. Or...ojou, maybe? Hm. She took you under her wing, obviously. More than that. Calling her your older sister like that...you're definitely special to her." She swallows down another stick of dango and puts the stick in her mouth. "So, what did you bring your cute face here for, in the end? Surely not to see me pig out."
"Well, something like that could be charming, in its own way," I joke. "But...I really wanted to glean some information from you, and learn about you as a person. It's only right, given all that we share."
"Mm. That makes sense. Did you want anything to drink, Lili?"
"I'm fine. Thank you for asking."
"Yeah. Mm...let's see now. Did Aneki tell you anything about that man?"
"Oh...I suppose that's the one she calls the 'trash'. Orochimaru of the Sannin."
"The very same...he was my former master. Since the secret is already out in the relevant places by now, I'll tell you this...he's planning on taking the Leaf. If we stop the tournament, he'll attack right away. We really don't know what he's waiting for, some kind of signal...Lord Hokage encouraged us to continue the exams. That way we'll at least have some time to figure out what he's planning before he attacks for real."
"Midori-nee also mentioned Sasuke..."
"So she knows that much, too. Expected of her." Anko touches the side of her neck once, taking the stick out of her mouth and placing it with the others. "That thing is called a Cursed Seal of Heaven. From what I know, there's only one other seal like it. It's one of the most powerful of Orochimaru's sealing arts. In exchange for your chakra and your sanity, it rewards you with extra power. Kakashi has it sealed up by now, but that temporary seal is only as strong as Sasuke's will is. He didn't have to worry about it any since he drew Ino the last time, but I suspect that his next opponent..." She pauses. "Well, I was gonna say Neji Hyuuga, but Uzumaki definitely has a chance. He's not something you can predict, I can say that much. But it'll be uphill for him."
"Mm." She's perceptive, too. I already like her.
"Any way you look at it, the truth is this. The brand constantly tempts you, it calls to you loudly in battle, asking if you want more strength. And I know for a fact that Orochimaru gave that brand to him in person."
"Do you think that Sasuke..."
"I don't want to think that. That he would give in. But..." Her eyes look towards the table. "He doesn't brand those who he thinks are unworthy. Not...any more."
"Anko." I note that she's been hiding her right hand until now...there's bandage around it. "You met in the forest. Did you..."
"I tried to stop him, but I failed. Yes...it was in the Forest of Death that I saw him. By that time, he had already branded Sasuke with the curse mark. And now...he might bring terror to the entire Leaf." She sighs heavily. "Lord Hokage told me not to blame myself..."
"Then don't," I say.
"Listen, it's not that easy."
"I know. It never is. But you have to try. And you don't have to carry that burden alone. I'm the top class rookie, remember? Depend on me."
"Sheesh. You're...really, really reassuring, you know. It's no wonder that Aneki fell for you." She sighs again and gulps down another glass of juice. "As one of the Three Shinobi, Orochimaru is extremely strong. But he's nothing compared to Aneki. She's received the blessing of the Sage, you know? Ryuuchi Cave's Snake Goddess, a hermit among hermits!"
"Sage, huh..." Those are the arts she would mention from time to time. Things that apparently I would be able to do myself one day...
"Yep! I bet she'll pass all of that down to you when you're ready. But, yeah...Orochimaru seems to want to crush the Leaf completely, somehow. We're keeping an eye on everything as best we can, but he's crafty. He's also Lord Hokage's..."
"Former student. The one with the sharp mind."
"Yeah."
"It's no wonder he said those things to me. But then...he also said that I have something Orochimaru doesn't. That something is why he won't win," I say with determination.
"Heh. Well, don't do anything too far out of line. Like I said, the tournament is going to proceed as planned...that's likely the time where he'll try to do something. Also, your first round opponent..."
"Gaara of the Desert," I say. "It's no problem, I understand how he fights a little bit. If I can accelerate well enough, then maybe that will be a solution on its own..."
"Ah..."
"I've learned a lot from talking to you today." I lay down a few bills to cover Anko's meal. "Consider this my thanks. I'll see you in a while, Miss Anko."
"Oi, oi. No need to be so stiff. Aneki wouldn't like that, you know?" she scolds lightly. "Ah, but...thanks for paying, I might have eaten a bit too much for today's budget, ehehe..."
I sigh and shake my head before starting to leave.
"Um...oh! Let me come with you! You're going to see Aneki, right? I wanted to ask her if I could help."
"Help?"
"Yeah! I want to teach you the snake summoner's staple technique! You're still a young genin, and I'm guessing she didn't want to overwhelm you, so you probably don't know it yet, right?"
"I don't think so," I admit. "It should be okay, then."
"Great! Let's go to see her together. And also, you can think of it as me repaying your kindness just now."
I give her a look. "This would seem like collusion to someone else, wouldn't it?"
She shrugs. "It would be news to me. Techniques are techniques, no matter where you might get them from."
"Ah, I see. Then I'm in your care, sister."
We walk all the way back to the hotel, and Anko reveals that she eats about the same amount of sweets and junk every day. It must be because she chews through so much energy in a day that she's still so fit, but I suspect that will catch up with her if she retires, or simply gets old enough. It wouldn't affect her terribly as a shinobi, but why not look your best for as long as you can? Besides, I might still want to chase girls when I get a lot older, and a fit body wouldn't hurt there...oh, right. I'm getting ahead of myself again.
"Anko!"
"Aneki!"
It's a very joyful reunion for the two of them. They chat and catch up, and after some discussion Midori decides that it would be great if Anko joined us for the rest of my training. Anko says that she can pull a few strings and get started with us the week after next.
For this week, we do the same things as usual. This amounts to more physical training and improving my ability to use ninjutsu quickly and safely. I imagine that it will tie in nicely to the next part of the journey. In between training sessions, Luna, Midori and I relax and play together. Luna's father, who I learn is named Tatsumi, taught her how to do things like play billiards and bowling since they would go out together to local bars and diners. As a result, she's an expert when playing and the shocked looks of the men she routinely beats never gets old.
The third week of training begins, and there are two more including this one before the tournament final round. This is, as they say, where the real fun begins. I meet with Midori and Anko in our designated training facility this morning, with Anko offically free to help out - she'll be staying with us in the hotel for the rest of the month. Luna is absent due to...exhaustion. The reasons don't need to be explained, as the glow on Midori's face says everything. We all wear matching training outfits; breathable shirts and those sorts of high performance shorts that runners like to wear. They're snug, and surprisingly comfortable.
"Sheesh! Aneki! You really captured a woman with a body like that, it's so unfair!" Anko whines.
"Ah, it's fine. You'll find someone of your own, you know? But...well."
"Well?"
"We can see if she's interested in that sort of play, maybe? She's no slouch herself, you know."
"O-ooh. Would you really...?"
"Oi. We've still got work to do. While I appreciate your consideration for Luna's agency, there are other times and places for such things," I scold.
Midori coughs into her hand and nods. "Y-yes, you're right. Another time. Okay, here's where we are in terms of the second half of your training. There are four techniques I have in mind for you to learn, and I want to cycle through them during these sessions so that you have something on hand in case of an emergency. If the Leaf doesn't put a stop to that trash, you will need something in your back pocket. I can't be everywhere at once...not effectively, anyways."
"So which techniques are these?" I ask eagerly.
"Glad you've asked," Midori says with a smile, clapping her hands together. "The first is the Lightning Release technique I promised you the other day. A little extra something that I've yet to try out myself, but should do wonders for you. It's code-named 'Mobius', also called the 'Godspeed Cannon'. A technique that hyper compresses chakra into one point on your hand, similar in some ways to Chidori...however," she says while raising a finger, "You won't be using it to stab at high speed. It will take more effort to complete overall, but you're Lili, so you can do it for sure. The benefits are the ability to concentrate the chakra, carry it along with you, and fire off an extremely fast bolt of energy whenever, and wherever, you desire. You can control the output, and it goes without saying that it does even more damage the closer you are to your enemy. It's the technique of a new shinobi era!"
That sounds absolutely amazing. I want it. I want it yesterday.
"Lightning Release...Mobius." I let it come from my lips and it sounds even cooler now. I need it. Oh, do I ever need it.
"The next one coming up is a good and useful technique for your purposes," Anko continues. "Aneki can easily do it, but I wanted to be of service and teach you the ins and outs of it. This is called Hidden Shadow Snake Hands. Since you've got a unique seal on your arm, there are a few extra tricks you can learn like this one. It's not a terribly hard technique to learn or master, especially for you, but you can expand on the possibilities if you feel like it."
"I also promised a way to make use of that excited state of yours," Midori says. "It's going to be tied to your tracking technique, and we're going to help that go up another level as well. Finally, there's one last thing. This is the emergency jutsu I mentioned."
I nod and listen carefully.
"It's going to take a good amount of effort on your part to get up to speed. We're going to work on it seperately, in stages. This is a single stroke attack that takes advantage of your speed, and pushes your body to its limit as a result. It's a technique usually reserved for those who are going to take part in the Sage Training, but I decided to show it to you now since you'll be in a struggle soon...the most efficient use of this is as a high power finishing move. It's called Jakyou Messenga."
It certainly sounds like a serious technique. Destruction is even embedded in the name.
"So...this is our agenda for the next two weeks. We're going to give you our guidance and support, Lili."
I nod in response. There's a lot to go over, but it's as Midori said. I'm Lili, and I can do it all if I just do my best. "Understood...I'm in your care, sisters. Let's begin."
Anko and Midori give me a smile in return.

The next two weeks of training begin, and the cycle is simple. Work, rest, slack off, repeat. My first order of business is taking hold of the new lightning jutsu, and I do so easily. The real work comes in perfecting it.
Lightning Release: 'Mobius'. A technique formed from hyper compressed lightning chakra. After focusing the energy into one point, the user fires it from their index finger like a gun. The technique explodes outwards, piercing anything in its way and delivering massive damage to obstacles. When fired from up close, it can become even more dangerous.
This is a high speed assassination attack that is the antithesis of Chidori. It's just about perfect for me: it's quick, deadly, and fits with my desired style of offensive ninjutsu. This is with my other techniques; the piercing lightning type art False Darkness, the area of effect water type art Exploding Water Colliding Wave, and the quick and explosive water type art Water Shark Bullet. Seeing as Gaara's sand might be composed of Earth Release, water is at a disadvantage while lightning would be an advantage.
Hidden Shadow Snake Hands, the technique that Anko guides me through, allows the user to eject snakes from their wrist or sleeve, usually after a punching or similar type of motion. The snakes are used primarily to attack from a distance and, being snakes, can inflict multiple poisonous wounds on the victim's body or hold them in place. I can also produce these snakes from different points on my body, like from the legs of my pants if need be. In general, this is really useful as I can easily cover my issues with close range fighting and push the opponents back into my domain. All of my strongest techniques work best with room to spare, so the ability to establish an effective range like this is wonderful.
Jacobson's Eye, the technique that I've been using extensively for tracking and identification, has now evolved. The new name is Crimson Depths, and it improves the technique range to at least 7 kilometres. It works in the same manner: I taste the atmosphere or objects to detect scents and chakras. From there, I can track targets, decipher obstacles, and maneuver through the world. It will continue changing as I keep using it, just as before. It makes me feel more snake-like, really. I like it.
I further improve the tracking technique by using it as a sort of binding for my 'excited' state. This way, whenever I drift into it I can focus and block out some of the pain inflicted on my body, enough at least to continue fighting where most couldn't. Hopefully it doesn't come to that too often, but predators also have times where they need to go into survival mode. This will be useful for those unexpected times.
Lastly, I learn the emergency technique over a few days and shelve it for later, having completed the basics of it. This is as said, a Sage technique called White Snake Sage Art: Jakyou Messenga, also called 'Gleaming Fang'. Using chakra, the user wraps themselves in the aura of a snake and charges forward at an incredible speed, tearing into and through unfortunate enemies. The technique requires a fair amount of chakra and excellent control. Its range is also deceptively long, making surprise attacks possible. There's a specific type of energy that is used normally, but this technique can also be used with normal chakra. However, the chakra cost is incredibly high as a result and I can only use it twice in a given day, with the caveat that I start with full reserves - making it effectively a one-time use emergency technique, as first established. I remember what Anko said about Midori and the White Snake Sage, who created the technique. I should have the strength to use it regularly soon enough. For now, there are other things to worry about.
I continue to keep myself in good condition, working on my stamina and building up my strength bit by bit. Training has gone extremely well, and I'm more than happy with my results.
With three and a half days until the tournament starts, we wind down training and focus on my recovery.
"Everything we've set out to do has been done," Midori says as we finish our training day at noon. "It's time for you to take it easy before the big day. You've done so well, Lili."
"You really are awesome!" Anko says with a smile. "Totally the real deal, you know? I can see why the Hokage was looking out for you and everything. You're gonna go places. Ah, well...most places. You've got some rumours about you, Lili."
"I can only guess what they might be," I say as I wipe my face with a towel.
"Soon enough, you'll be known more for slaying ladies than bandits." She snickers. "Most people aren't sure what to make of it yet, but Tsume was raving about you the other day to me and it came up. If you're anything like Aneki, she's got reason to be afraid for Hana there."
"Oh? And what about you? Not worried I'll snatch you up, too?"
"Heh." She grabs hold of an invisible bat and swings through the air. "I switch hit, hon."
"Ah."
"Yep. It's a life. I try not to get around too much, though. I have a bit of a reputation regardless, because people can't be trusted to shut up sometimes," she says with a frown. "But getting down like that is just...I dunno, uncouth. Y'know? And unsafe at times. Don't let things on the outside fool you, shinobi like to-"
"Miss Anko, I think she more than gets the point." Luna returned to us after recovering from her bout of exhaustion, and helped with general training. I don't know what exactly has transpired between those three while I've been away or sleeping, but...from Luna's domineering sort of tone towards Anko, I can venture a guess.
"Yes'm. Just the facts of life, you know?"
"Yes, I know it well."
"Luna, be nice. I know it's not often you get someone to bully-"
"Lady Midoriko, it is not like that. I am simply asserting myself today."
"Yes, yes. And it was really sexy when you asserted yourself last night with-"
"Not in front of Miss Lilith!" Luna hisses.
"Mm." I sip from my bottle of water. "Luna has a point. Nothing more should be said."
She sighs with relief. "Thank you, Miss Lilith."
"You're welcome. I believe that what happens inside of the bedroom with three consenting adults should stay there."
"Yes, that's right," she says with a nod.
"I mean, the stories about you pouncing on Anko-nee the moment you could and asserting your dominance must be very spicy...but it's as I said. Nothing we should discuss in public."
Her face darkens as she glares at me, looking betrayed. "...the worst. Every single time...the worst."
Anko laughs and Midori wears an amused smile as Luna grumbles. I sigh and start towards my room for a well deserved shower.
All in good fun, as always.


Chapter 37
Scarlet Justice - ep. 37"Lock and Load"[Chuunin Exams: Third Round Finals]

Not much is coming to mind right now. I think I really do just want to relax and take things easy for a while. Maybe even...stop thinking, if only for a few precious moments. I wonder how that feels.
In any case, it's early afternoon. Two days will be left after this one. The hotel is very nice, but I find myself wanting to get outside again for a walk. After taking my shower, I look for something light to wear since it's warm again today. The first thing I pull out is one of the cropped shirts I usually wear at home, and I shrug before throwing it on. A comfortable pair of shorts, and my wooden sandals will work here too. I grab my wallet and go on my way.
"..."
Feeling curious again, I press my ear against the door to Midori's room and listen.
"You're really good at this, Luna."
"Naturally. It's simply poker though, so you'll get the hang of it after losing to me enough times."
"Luna, behave. At least for a little bit longer, anyways..."
"Lady Midoriko, I am not being mean."
"Not yet, you meant. Gotta admit, though...it's pretty hot when you get all agressive like that, Mistress Luna..."
"Hmph."
"She'll settle down after a few more drinks, Anko."
"..." More shenanigans, then. I wonder if I'll be like that once I get older. Or...no. No, I'll probably be just as bad, if not worse. Not too many children know the things I know, thankfully.
I leave the hotel and start to walk down the main road. Where should I go today? Since training is almost over, I can fool around just a little bit. There are the usual conditioning runs for tomorrow, but nothing else after that. As Midori said, everything that was to be learned has been learned. Erika might be out and about, and I've been musing over her recently...but there's someone more important that I want to check on first.
"I wonder how Hina is doing..." It's near the end of the one month training time, so I would like to hope that I wouldn't be throwing her off too badly if I did make a visit unannounced. Her home isn't all that far, and it shouldn't be too bad a walk in this weather.
"Hah...I think that should be it...for today."
Someone's voice rings out nearby, and I turn to it, curious. Some distance away, there's a girl in a white jogging outfit, complete with matching headband. Her dark hair has a bluish tint to it, and is tied back into a high ponytail. She really looks cute, and her eyes are...wait.
"Hina?" I call to her.
She turns her head to face me. "Mm? Oh...! Lili!"
"I...I'm so sorry, I almost didn't recognize you. The outfit, and your hair...you listened to what I said all that time ago and let it grow out, then."
"Yes! I wanted to try it...a little bit of a mature look, you know?" She rubs the back of her head as she comes closer to me. "It's a bit silly, right?"
"Not at all. As long as it makes you feel good, it's fine. And you look stunning, regardless. I see that you're still training."
"Yes, I am. Today is the last day...I'm going to rest all day tomorrow in advance of the finals. Perhaps some stretches the day before the first match to finish things off, but...we've completed our training so far. There's nothing else to be done." Her cheeks are a bit red from the running she's been doing, I notice. But she has such a mature and serene look on her face. The Hinata I knew from before has changed a fair bit, and in just the space of a month. "It's really exciting, you know. Hanabi has started to help me...well, in her own way, I think. I don't know if she would ever think I'm good enough to carry on the clan leadership, but...she's acknowledging me again. I can see it, and it makes me happy." She pauses. "After all that happened...I can't really blame her, because she's just a child and she's been pushed around by my father and all of the elders. And aside from that, she's my little sister. I want to be able to connect with her again, one day."
"Yes, I see."
"All of this is thanks to you, Lili." She gives me a warm smile. "When you pulled me aside in the desert, and shed those tears for me...when you opened up your heart and shared your pain...not only did I fall in love with you that day, but I found myself. The person who I really wanted to be. Facing that Dosu person...if I were with another team, or just another person, I would never have been able to do what I did. We've gone on missions and had adventures together...and I know that I haven't always been the best teammate. But I could carry on. I could move towards a brighter future. Because...I had you."
"Hina."
"No matter what happens, or who I end up giving myself to...you will be everything to me, Lili."
"Thank you...I almost feel unworthy hearing that from you, but...I accept it, Hina. I will always be here for you."
She nods. "More than that, though. I...I know that you can take down any monster that crosses your path. You have those fangs filled with venom, that you can sink into anyone at a moment's notice. That's who you are...as the Scarlet Viper, right?" I can see the look in her eyes change. "I have expectations as well. Goals that I want to reach. I'll beat my next opponent, no matter who it might be...and then..."
"You realize what it is you're saying...Hinata."
"Yes. Because I love you so much, I want to reach you. I want to fight my beloved sister...and this will be my precious gift to you. The result of the love you gave me. The proof of my strength," she says calmly.
The wind blows past us as we stare into each other's eyes.
Hina has grown so much from when we first met. She is my pride. And that's why, as she's accepted everything I am...I will accept everything that she is.
"So...that's your final answer," I say to her.
"Yes. I want to see it..."
I respond to her request and let the darkness inside of me flow outwards. She steadies herself, staring into me with those pure white eyes. There's a tension that pulses between us.
"Look forward to it then, Hina. You understand what you're asking, right? Hmhm...well, no. That's a foolish question for me to ask. You understand completely. You've accepted this side of me as well...and that's why you can do this. That's why you can stand in front of me, and do something so dangerous." I smile and lick my lips. "I'll devour you too, darling. And I know that you'll be very delicious."
"I won't be just simple prey," she says. "I promise you that your venom won't be enough on its own. You will have to pour your strength into tearing me apart...Lilith Kobayashi."
"Kekeke...yes. That suits me just fine. I'll enjoy every moment, Hinata Hyuuga."
We look at each other for a few more moments...her determination pushing against my dark desires. Wonderful...I'm so happy that we can really, truly connect like this. Not just as comrades and friends, but as sisters and rivals.
I let out a breath and flick 'that' switch off. The atmosphere changes again, falling back towards the normal calm we had before.
"Well, I'm confident in Shino's ability," I say casually. "You'll have to figure out a way to get past him first."
"Yes, that much is true. He's kind of mysterious, isn't he?"
I wave a hand. "Not terribly so. Just a big nerd. Though I do appreciate him."
"Mm...when the time comes, I'll know what to do. I think he's going to win his match, too. Oh, I didn't ask what you were doing for training."
"Midori-nee bought out a fancy hotel for us to train in. That's where I was just now," I say as I jab my thumb back in the direction I came from. "I developed a few new techniques and raised my overall abilities. I think at this point, I have to be one of the fastest people in the Leaf. As far as time is concerned, at the least."
"Ah...that's a bother, then. I was hoping that you wouldn't focus on that and get any faster," she says with a wry smile. "New techniques are one thing, but...well, I don't think that's something I can readily deal with."
"You know, you're not supposed to admit to weaknesses like that," I tell her.
"We're not, no...but I love you a lot, and I'm not entirely used to this rivalry thing yet. I wonder how boys do it so well," she muses. "Hm. But you were already faster than Brother Neji, which...well, you'll see in the finals."
"Sounds exciting. Can't wait," I say with a smile. "In the meantime, I think I'm going to have a lot of fun with that Gaara guy..."
"You're thinking of...?"
"Yes, yes. For the first time in a long while, I'll be able to embrace my S side fully!" I declare with seriousness.
Hina sighs. "You really are terrible sometimes, Lili."
"Ufufu...but I wouldn't be me otherwise."
"I guess not. But...that makes me happy, too. I'm going to head back home and finish for the day. Lili, it was really nice seeing you. We'll meet up again in a few days."
"Of course. Hina, please take care."
"I will." She plants a kiss on my cheek and waves as she starts her run back home.
I know it won't be easy to swallow her up like I want. But that's exactly how it should be. The kind of rival who makes me work for every win...that's all I could want.
"Better than Sasuke, at any rate." I run a hand through my hair, thinking. I'm sure there was something that I wanted to do...I can't recall it at the moment. Nothing else to do but go back and rest. I start on my way and come across someone familiar.
"Good afternoon, Lili."
"Good afternoon, Hana." She's dressed in a long white cloak today, and has only one of the Haimarus trailing behind her.
"Still training for the big event?"
"No, I'm finished. Just rest from here until the tournament begins. Are you coming from work?"
"Yeah, I just was making a house call. I didn't want to crowd the patient too much, so I only brought one of the boys out with me today." She sighs. "Medicine is tough, but it's also very fulfilling. There's no way I could think about doing anything else at this point."
"That's good to hear."
"Did you have any interest in medicine? They go over it a bit in kunoichi classes, I remember." Hana absentmindedly scratches behind her companion's ears.
"The field treatments are useful, but aside from that, no. I know Hinata has expressed some interest, though. She wants to be useful in a supporting role."
"Hmm..."
"Besides, I'm not allowed to be in closed spaces with you."
She laughs. "Right. Mom really wants grandkids. I'm sure Kiba could cover that end for her, but it's fair that she worries about her only daughter. It's curious, though. I didn't think girls could awaken so early..."
"Trust me, it happens more than people would like to think. I think it's more notable in my case because I don't want to jump on top of a boy."
"How do your parents feel about this?"
"They don't know," I say. "I want to wait a while before telling my stepmother, and my father...he's never around, so it really wouldn't matter." If he did know, it would be another reason to see me as worthless. It's likely that one of the only reasons he hasn't thrown me away entirely is because he thinks I'm still interested in being with a man one day and bearing him a grandchild. A complicated sort of thing...and nothing I'm eager to dive into.
"I see. Things like that are difficult. We still live in a sort of...conservative world, even with the support of those who love people of the same sex. At least in our circles and professions. Not to mention those who don't fit into traditional spheres at all...you don't learn about much of this until you really get out in the world, you know? Academia is slow to catch up to reality sometimes."
"Mm-hm."
"Well, if you change your mind about learning medical arts, or just want to chat, let me know. That's not to say...hm."
"I think you know of my situation," I say. "It's alright, really. I have a few people that I talk to, aside from Hinata of course."
"Yeah. There are just a lot of rumours and generally...not nice things said about you around the village. Hopefully when you blow everyone away at the tournament, some of that will change. But you're really okay, right?"
"I do have my sisters to look after me, so...even if the entire village turned away from me, I could go on. But thank you, Hana. I'll be sure to call on you every once in a while. With Tsume's permission, of course."
"She should be fine, as long as you have me back before it gets dark out," she jokes. "I'm gonna get home. The other boys worry when I don't get back at the times I promise, haha. See you later, Lili. Good luck!"
"Thank you. Until the next, Hana."
She gives me a smile before speeding off, her companion barking once to wish me well before following.
"It's nice...things like this. More than anything, I want to treasure the few companions I have in this world."
I stare at the clouds in the sky for a few moments before continuing on my way. After making it in, I check on the door across the hall and hear snoring mixed with light breathing. Seems like everyone's tuckered out, possibly after some sort of 'recreational activity'. Ah, well. I go to my room and settle in, pulling out the volume of manga I had stored and calling room service. They deliver my long awaited items.
A tall pitcher of fresh and cold milk, and a large basket of spicy curly fries.
I enjoy myself immensely before cleaning up and drifting off to sleep, full and satisfied.

At last. The time has come, and so have I.
The final tournament for the exams, the last true test, is set to begin on this crisp morning. Activity ripples through the village, with vendors out in full force to make as much money as they can, and crowds of people to sell to. Everything is bright and vibrant, from store fronts to government buildings.
As for me, I take my time getting ready. A nice, warm shower. Making sure my skin is taken care of. A good set of underwear and a fresh pair of black tights. Cargo shorts, sturdy belt, and black sweater all clean and ready. Hair freshened up, and a light bit of makeup. I put on a layer of shiny lip gloss and press my lips together. Impressions are important on what will be the biggest stage of my life so far.
I flip my hair back with confidence and look over myself in the closet mirror one last time. I look ready. I feel ready. It's time to start a busy morning.
Everyone else has gone on ahead of me after breakfast. My stepmother will be back in town for the first time in a while, and I wonder just how she's doing. Luna and Midori are meeting up with her, and will get seats in the stadium. Anko is on assignment, as I assumed she would be. She wants little more than to crush Orochimaru's ambitions. Kurenai will likely be sitting with Asuma, along with Ino and Choji. And of course, most of my important people are in the final round already, so we'll be together most of the day.
I make my way to the exam area, early as planned. Through the side entrance for participants, with a quick security check before I'm let in, and then down the long halls towards a waiting room with everyone else. Since there are ten others...hold on a moment. This isn't right. I turn and look for the sickly examiner...and for some reason, I can't seem to-
"Oh, there are you are. Hayate-senpai," I call as I wave to him. He coughs from his seat and looks in my direction before waving back. "There are a few of us missing and things are set to begin soon."
"Yeah. There's a reason for that...that kid suddenly withdrew a week ago."
I tilt my head. "Mm? You don't mean Sasuke, do you?"
"Koichi Nagano. Sasuke is still in the tournament, far as I know."
"Any reason why Koichi dropped out?"
"No reason..." His eyes shift from one side to the other before he focuses on me. "Well...if there is something, you didn't hear it from me. My other half has been listening in, and there are whispers going around, according to her." Oh, so his lover is someone with knowledge of the village's inner workings. I wonder what kind of person she is. Hayate subtly motions me closer before whispering something to me, coughing in the other direction afterwards.
"Something like that...really?" I say.
"So she says. Kosugi has...tendencies, let's say. She's also a part of the Bonus Program, and makes observations that the Hokage takes into account. I don't know if he was aware of how exactly she did things, but...either way, that kid is a special case and will be moving through different streams from now on."
"No wonder. It did seem a bit like indoctrination at one point, but I didn't think they were wrapped up in each other that much. Sort of disturbing to think about...mm. So it seems like the slacker gets a pass this time. Thank you for the information."
He nods and coughs once. "No problem. Good luck against that Sand kid...he made it to the tower in the second test shortly after you."
"So I heard. There was a commotion when he and his comrades made it in."
"He didn't have a single scratch or mark on him."
"That so...it seems to fit with the descriptions from earlier. Well, thank you again, senpai."
"Yeah. We're set to begin in about ten minutes. That's when we march out. Also, it's as you observed...that Sasuke character isn't here yet, but fortunately for him he has a bye..."
"Yes, it seems so." Suspicious, but it could be explained by the curse mark. Since Naruto is already here, happily chatting away with others, Kakashi must be taking care of it along with other precautions for Sasuke. I wonder what exactly they could be doing. Perfecting the Chidori, maybe? That sounds good...yes. Then I can crush it with my own jutsu. Just the mere thought of seeing his despairing face after ruining him and his stupid technique...I really shouldn't let myself fantasize too much today. But that thought on its own gives off a lovely warmth...
The promised time arrives, and we walk outside together as a group. From here, I can see how high the walls of this stadium are, enough to keep away jutsu of many types. There are plenty of trees and bushes on the flat land. It seems like an opportunity to show off some unique skills, but there's also more than enough room to have yourself a brawl if that's what your heart desires.
Nine of us are present, and we line up in a row to face the crowd, especially the middle section where the Hokage sits. Another robed figure arrives, and I suspect that it's the Kazekage. He sits after being greeted, and then the Hokage stands himself to address everyone.
"Welcome to the Hidden Leaf! These are the finals of the Chuunin Selection Exams. The main tournament matches between the ten remaining finalists are set to begin. Please enjoy yourselves, and watch until the final match!"
"The match order has changed. Check to make sure you know who you're up against," Hayate says as he holds up the revised match sheet.
"Wait...the hell?" Shikamaru whines. "What happened to the weirdo kid from earlier?"
"He withdrew. That means you get a bye to the next round."
"Well, that means I'm...ah, it didn't make a difference. I'm still gonna get all my bones broken, just later instead of now. What a pain in the ass." He sighs. "I should quit."
"What kind of attitude is that? C'mon, show your fighting spirit! Oraaaaa!" Naruto yells.
"I'd tell you to shut up, but...you're gonna get your ass kicked too by the Hyuuga Clan genius..."
"Like hell I am! Also!" Naruto waves his arms wildly. "Sasuke still isn't here! What's gonna happen if he doesn't make it in time for his fight?"
"Ife he somehow can't make it for the sixth match...he loses by default," Hayate says.
"What?! Dammit...he promised! Come on, idiot! Hurry up!"
"The rules are the same as in the preliminaries...fight until one person dies, or preferrably surrenders. But as always, if I step in, the fight's over. Let's get to it...first match. Temari and Shino. The rest of you, get to the waiting area up top for now."
"Shino, fight hard," I say.
"Yes. I'm looking forward to our fight soon, Shino," Hina says.
He pushes up his glasses - with the frame polished nicely for the day's fight - and nods. "Of course. For your sakes, I'll go all out."
We make our way up to the waiting area, hopping up the flights of stairs at a leisurely pace. Everyone settles in at their own spots near the railing, with Gaara standing by himself to one side. He doesn't seem like the social type anyways.
Something in the back of my mind is troubling me. I'll have to look into it properly soon, perhaps after my match. Orochimaru is threatening to disrupt the exams, and Sasuke isn't here. Is there some sort of stage business there to throw everything off? I really don't like the looks of this, but I also can't prove anything or involve certain people.
Hopefully it all resolves itself. I just want to enjoy myself today and win this tourney.
Temari and Shino face each other and Hayate makes sure they're both ready.
"First match...begin!"
And here we go.


Chapter 38
Scarlet Justice - ep. 38"Strange Aviaries"[Chuunin Exams: Third Round Finals 2]

The match starts as I expect; Temari plays keep away with long range wind attacks, and Shino's insect attacks are rebuffed before they can hit their mark. He moves around the field, attacking from different angles with a mix of his insects and shinobi tools. Temari effortlessly remains in place and blows everything away.

"Is this all you have? What?! If I knew Leaf shinobi were so pathetic, I would have taken this exam seven years ago!" Temari yells.

"Why that little...! How the hell can she say that?" Naruto growls.

"Be calm," I say to him. "Shino is my right hand for a reason."

"Right...hand? Eh?"

"Hina...you can see it, can't you?"

She smiles and brushes back some of her hair. "Yes. Shino is strong, and very clever as well."

"What? What do you mean?" Naruto asks, leaning over the railing to peer at the fight. "What's going on?"

"Preparations are complete," Shino says from the field. "Now...it's time to put this one away. You see, I don't underestimate even the smallest opponents. Why? Because anything can happen in the heat of battle. You only focused on what you could see in front of you, Miss Temari. That is going to be your downfall."

Temari smirks. "Oi, don't get cocky, bug boy. I've already guessed that you can send your little friends underground, so don't go thinking-"

"Who said anything about the ground? Today...I decided to be bold, and invade your domain."

"What...?"

Shino's head tilts upwards, and Temari finally notices the shadow quickly materializing beneath her feet. Her head then snaps up, and her eyes widen in horror.

"No...no way! This is...how?!"

A massive sphere of insects has formed in the sky above her.

"How did they...get there so fast?!" Naruto yells. "Shino! He's really freaky!"

"You should always have a trump card," Shino says as he adjusts his glasses. "I guess you didn't think it strange that I kept using my insects at such a long range...since you assumed I only had a few modes of attack. But your wind attacks were helpful in scattering them all around the arena, and into the sky. It took a large amount of insects from my body, but it seems I have you in check at this moment."

"Tch...!"

"Oh, and you were right the first time...I do have insects stored underground as well."

Temari pales and Shino draws a kunai before charging. "And now...to seal you in three dimensions." The insects start to emerge from the ground around Temari, and the massive insect sphere starts to descend at high speed. She's frozen in panic. Unless she has a big move in reserve, it's over...but she surely-

"Shit...shit, shit, shit! Dammit! I give up! I forfeit!"

"!" Shino stops his advance and the insects all stop moving.

"What?!" Naruto yells.

"..." Shikamaru is deathly quiet for once as he looks on. He's thinking about something, definitely.

"You win...alright?" Temari drops her fan and raises one arm to the sky. "I quit."

"..." Shino is nonplussed. And frankly, so am I. What the hell is happening?

"The winner of this match...Shino Aburame," Hayate announces. I hear the crowd cheer Shino on, but I can spot some of the reactions of the chuunin and jounin, and they're...unsure what to make of it all.

"She had way more in the tank."

Lee turns to Shikamaru. "What do you mean?"

"Her jutsu usage was conservative for this fight. Stationary, barely any energy use. If she put in more effort, she could have retreated and blown away Shino's last attack. But she didn't...either she didn't have enough energy, which I can't believe would happen so early, or she was trying to conserve it. But even then, you can just pop a soldier pill and cool down after the fight."

"What are you suggesting, Nara?" Neji asks gruffly.

"She was saving herself for...something else. But I can't think of what it could be. Maybe she assumed she wasn't going to make it for the next few fights?" Shikamaru groans and scratches his head.

"..." I hope Anko is watching all of this. There's something screwed up. More than a few somethings, in fact. The direction of the press box is annoying me...I can only sense the two contracts in the area clearly, both from my older sisters. If this sensation is the third, then...well, that's stupid. Orochimaru wouldn't be in the damn press box with the Hokage.

"You okay, Kobayashi?" Shikamaru asks.

"Fine. Just...thinking about the same things you are right now."

"Yeah. Real pain in the ass."

"For once, I agree with you." I really can't wait for my fight. Anko is too far away to talk to and I can't readily leave my area in case something happens. "It's possible she threw it...but her actions are way too inconsistent for that."

"Possible..." Shikamaru rests his arms on the railing and sighs.

"Guess it's my turn next! Yosh!" Naruto jumps over the railing and down into the arena without a care. Neji glares at Hinata before making his way down using the stairs behind us.

"Naruto and I talked a bit before we arrived here," Hina says. "I felt really encouraged by his words."

"I see..."

"I know that Brother Neji has his own views on the world and how things are. But...someone like Naruto, I think this encounter with him will change that sort of attitude. Naruto said that his nindo is to never give up or go back on his word...and that's my nindo as well. I won't turn back or run away from anything...not ever again."

"I can see it, Hina. Let's see how this one plays out," I say to her. "Personally, I'm in Naruto's corner."

"Same here," she says with a smile.

The two stare at each other intensely before Hayate gets them ready to start.

"Begin!"

Naruto starts off as expected, calling out Shadow Clones and attacking directly. There's a slight difference in how he's attacking compared to a month before...focused attacks in waves, more movement and decoys. Still very reckless and his taijutsu is as gross as ever, but there's some difference to be found.

But then Neji starts to get serious.

"Brother Neji...really is talented. That technique is called Eight Trigrams Palms Revolving Heaven, or simply Heavenly Rotation," Hina explains. "It's a very strong technique...a defense that is comparable to Gaara's strange shield of sand, I would say."

"That seems par for the course as far as your clan is concerned."

"Yes...but there's something else," she says as she looks at me. "That technique is only taught to members of the Hyuuga Main Family. Specifically, only the clan head would know it."

"...!" I look back towards the field. "You're saying this guy learned it by rote?"

"Yes. Not only that technique..."

"Huh. I see...so even the Sixty Four is restricted to just your part of the clan..." So Neji has also been pointlessly thrown away. I still don't quite understand everything, though...if Neji is so talented, then why...? Does it have anything to do with why Hina was discarded?

He steps it up further and disables Naruto with the Eight Trigrams Sixty Four Palms. True to his nature, though...Naruto gets up. It would take more than sealing chakra points to put him down. But he's in a bind at this point, unfortunately.

"He's in trouble..." Hina clasps her hands together nervously. Maybe the writing isn't on the wall yet, but she's right to feel that way. There's an exchange of words between Naruto and Neji before the latter mentions a 'Hyuuga curse' and removes his headband.

A seal placed on his head when he was only a child, carved into his very being. It reminds me of the seal that is on my left arm...but whereas this one set me free, his pulled him into captivity for the rest of his life. I had a choice, and he never did. Calling it a 'caged bird seal' is certainly apt, then.

"So that's why he hates you so much," I say to Hina. "Your clan really is filled with savages posing as nobles."

"I want to say that's harsh..."

I yawn. "Is it? Is that seal meant to protect clan secrets, or is it just meant to exert dominance? Your clan saw something that your forefathers did, accepted that flimsy justification, and then applied it mindlessly for generation after generation. Men, women, and children treated like animals...all because they were born a second too late. Is that compassion? Is that humanity? Is that what the Leaf should strive for?"

"..."

"Perhaps it is harsh, Hina. But it's what I feel. And even if I still dislike him for his disgusting arrogance...I can't hate him after this."

"You mean..."

"Yes. He's just a victim. He always has been. A child with pure talent, forced to lick the feet of his inferiors just because of a stupid technicality. Clinging to the rules of the clan damaged him, even if the Hyuuga legacy was all he ever had in the end. He's also confused, though."

"Confused?" Hina asks. "What do you mean, Lili?"

I narrow my eyes as I look out at the battlefield. "That story...there's something else to it. If your father was faced with that decision, with dying to protect the clan, would he surrender? Would he run away from that responsibility?"

She thinks it over.

"Even that man has his pride to consider. Not solely for himself, but for Hyuuga as well. Even beyond that, for the sake of the Leaf...and then beyond that, martyrdom in the name of justice. Though I speak harshly of Hyuuga, I know that they must have their own ways of living."

"What do you mean to say, Lili?"

"That things aren't as they appear. Neji's talk about destiny is obviously garbage, but he needs a wake up call. This fight will provide that. You remember what Naruto's worst jutsu at the Academy was, right?"

"...clone arts..."

"Yes. And you completed a secret technique after being abandoned by your father. To say that destiny is some inescapable thing, that we will remain the same people our entire lives and that nothing matters...could you believe that?"

"I couldn't. Not after what I've been through," Hina says.

"Destiny is not decided by those who already have power...but by those who strive for it. Your cousin has become complacent because of his beliefs."

From up here, I can feel something building up in Naruto's body. Something strong.

"And that is why he's already lost."

It bursts out. A shifting, dangerous feeling chakra. Something that stirs me up ever so slightly before I push those feelings down for another time.

"What the...is that chakra?" Lee mutters.

"Yes." So this is it, then. The power of the Nine Tails. It must have been what he was working on over the month break, and even the Hokage looks surprised. Was Kakashi splitting his time between Naruto and Sasuke, after all? Or was someone else involved? Either way, Neji couldn't have prepared for something so ridiculous. They clash with each other repeatedly, before there's a dramatic explosion of chakra. Neji emerges first, and it looks like it's over.

But it's as I said. Complacency would be his downfall.

Neji declares himself the winner, only for Naruto to emerge from the very earth below his feet, and deliver a victorious uppercut.

The power of belief. The strength to carry yourself through the pain in your life. The drive to think forward in all situations. These things shape what your destiny is.

And that is why those who choose to never give up will change the world. They are the peacemakers, the ones who will inherit the earth. I feel...as if I am finding my place. I know where I would be in that sort of world, and what I would be doing. Not as a charismatic leader, but...something else entirely.

It's something for later, either way.

"Winner, Naruto Uzumaki."

"Yeaaaaaaah! I did it! Did you see, I won! I'm the greatest!"

He's more than a little injured, but still has enough energy to celebrate and take victory laps around the arena. Seriously. What a guy.

"Naruto did it...he really is amazing," Hina says with a bright smile. I'm understanding more and more why she's in love with him. He's a pretty great influence, and this really was a manly performance on his part.

"He really is," I say to her.

"The next match is about to start, Boss," Shino says to me.

Yes, that's right. I'm up against him. Gaara stares into me, and I feel 'that' side stirring before he breaks eye contact and makes his way down the stairs.

"Everything alright, Boss?"

"It's fine," I say to Shino. "Just the usual intimidation before things start..." My dark half reacts to projections of murderous intent too...that much is an interesting discovery. It must be part of my evolution as a predator as well. I can't say that I'm bothered by it.

"Lili, I'll be waiting for you. Good luck," Hina says. She kisses me on the cheek.

"Thanks, Hina. Remember not to look away. I'm going to show you all of me in this fight."

"Yes. I understand."

I nod to Shino before taking the short way down to the battlefield, vaulting the railing before skipping down the wall until I hit the bottom. Naruto greets me as I near the middle of the arena.

"Hey, Lili! Good luck with your fight, though you probably don't need it! But be careful, that Gaara guy's pretty crazy!"

"Thank you. That was a good win, Naruto. Congratulations."

"Hehe, thanks!" I hug him tightly and give him a kiss on the cheek. He grins and blushes a bit before taking off.

Gaara slowly approaches as the crowd starts to settle.

Two killers, meeting in battle at last. It's finally time to show myself to the world.


Chapter 39
Scarlet Justice - ep. 39"Milk and Honey"[Chuunin Exams: Third Round Finals 3]

The people watching aren't quite sure what to make of the upcoming fight, but he's the match favourite. The most dangerous guy in the exams against me, a relative unknown to the people from many different nations and walks of life.
He scrutinizes me for a while, watching me pull on my gloves before starting to speak.
"What...are you?" he asks.
"That's a strange question, you know. I'm not sure what exactly you mean by that," I reply calmly.
"You're...not what you seem. You...you're not right," he says in that cold and rough voice of his. "It was supposed to be someone else. Uchiha...or the bowl-head. Hyuuga...or that Naruto kid. But you...something is off with you."
"Off?" I tilt my head to one side. "Hm?"
"You're hiding something...aren't you?"
"Mm. Could be. I'm a shinobi, after all. Can't be too honest, that's how you get yourself killed."
He narrows his eyes. "Show it to me. Let me understand. Let me see if I can validate my existence this way as well. My reason to exist...is to kill anyone and everyone in this world. I was born a monster...a weapon of destruction. I took my mother's life as soon as I came into this world, and I took the lives of countless others. The shinobi arts are all I know, all I have ever known. I used them to kill and destroy. I have always been hated...ridiculed...despised. And so I needed a reason to live. I found that reason...hehehehahahaha..."
His green eyes are filled with madness. I can feel myself tensing already.
"Fighting only for myself. Loving only myself. My existence will not disappear as long as I have people to kill. And those who are strong...those who are strong serve as my prey! To live on the edge, to have the threat of death, of eternal sleep hanging over your head, each every single day! That is what it means to be ALIVE! HAHAHAHAHAHA!"
This one...he's really insane. And those feelings are pushing at me, even harder than before.
"If you have the drive...if you have the determination...show it to me! Show me what it means to BE ALIIIIIIIIIVE!"
"..." I look over at Hayate. "Oi...start the match. I don't know what's wrong with this guy."
"A-alright." He coughs. "Begin!"
"I assume you want a response. Here," I say as I make the snake seal. "Watch my mouth carefully."
"?"
I open my mouth and fire a blast of lightning directly at him. It clashes with a wave of sand that comes up at the last moment.
"Alive...what? I don't understand the garbage that is coming from your mouth. You're just a masochist," I sneer at him.
"What?"
"Why do you think I care about feeling 'alive'? I'm alive right now. I already exist. Why do I care about what you want? I don't want to think about death all the time. I don't need to kill to validate my existence. My existence is already validated and established. I kill and take pleasure in the blood that coats my skin for sport. It's something I do because I love it." I tilt my head upwards slightly. "It's not for some silly fucking quest to make myself feel special. Pathetic."
"You ignorant little bitch...!"
"Do you know what the draw is for me here? I want to see how sweet and delicious your blood tastes. That's all, sweetheart."
"Graaaaaaah!"
So it begins.
Gaara slides backwards before sending a wave of sand at me, and I accelerate forward. I reach him, getting close enough to touch him before his sand can react. The back of my hand slides across his cheek, and I can feel how cool it is. Extra armor, then...made of sand, most definitely. It's likely to be covering his entire body, and so it must be heavy. That's why he was stationary against Tenten, to conserve stamina.
Still, to think about a contingency with the automatic barrier protecting him already...he's definitely no fool, and clearly not as much of a thrill seeking masochist as he lets on. Just a psychotic child. Sad and unfortunate, but...I haven't shown mercy to young boys so far. It won't start now.
I easily step away before his barrier of sand can push me out. Good against most long range attacks, though False Darkness was nearly enough to overwhelm it point blank. As his sand chases after me, I can see that it's struggling very hard to keep up. But there's more of it than there was to start the match, and I feel like it's much more than what could be packed into that gourd. It doesn't have the same intense scent of blood, for one. He's grinding up earth to make more and more sand, and I can only assume that he's using the sand from his gourd as a starting point. His control is quite scary as I think about it...
It's not something I can stop other than by taking him out completely, an inevitability that I've already accounted for.
"Hm."
I use a body flicker to charge in and see just how tough that personal armor really is. The sand lags again as I enter his personal space and deliver a heavy slash with my kunai before retreating backwards. It's strong as there's not much in the way of damage, but it frustrates him to recreate it for any reason. Just as I was thinking earlier. His next move is to create clones out of the sand in the area, forming as I weave in and out of his attack range. More sand is surging around us, and sand shuriken coming from the clones whip by me harmlessly. I move easily and effortlessly with the speed I've gained from training, taking moments to assess the current situation as he stands in place and tries to figure me out.
It's time to get to important matters...how much fun do I want to have with this? My heart is beating fast, but not from nervousness. This is sheer excitement. I can feel heat spreading across my cheeks, and I charge back in past Gaara's obstacles to punch him in the face. My knuckles sting harshly from the impact, and his armor cracks a bit before he repairs it as I skip back towards the outside. I'm getting hungry again, my belly rumbling. I want to see how delicious blood would taste from a body that has never been harmed. The rarest of delicacies, a once in a lifetime opportunity. It makes me more excited by the second...I have to have it. I realize now what's pushing this excitement so much higher than anything else I've ever experienced.
Hunting other prey is different. I stalk and slaughter them, and they fight back to defend themselves...if I allow them to. The feeling is plainly that of a predator and prey relationship. Seeing their fear and despair is spicy, and makes for a lovely meal in the end. From that, I can be satisfied. Consuming the bandits, and slowly drinking the light from that boy as I ruthlessly tore him apart...those were good experiences.
But this...this is different. The feeling of murderous intent. The desire to use me for their own ends. It pushes against me, makes me aware of the darkness in my heart. It stirs me to action. The other level of my sadistic impulses...not just devouring people, but crushing and dominating those who would dare try to break me. Seeing them in despair, shedding tears after their ambitions are crushed and their bodies ground beneath my heel. Hearing them beg for mercy. Watching them squirm as I advance on them. That feeling of absolute control...of watching them crumble to nothing as I thoroughly enjoy myself.
That...is beyond amazing to me.
It pushes this want forward as I watch Gaara create more sand as time moves forward. I'm faster than him. I'm in a far better position. I want to carve him up like a piece of meat, and I have so many ways of doing it. Clones of sand that might as well be statues dedicated to his memory. An automatic defense that can't even keep up with me. Everything he throws at me is useless, and he's so clueless as to where he stands.
So many options. I lick my lips as I come to rest some distance away from him. He glares at me, pushing his murderous aura across the battlefield. I just want to crush him more and more by the second. I fantasize about having my hands around his throat, hearing him choke as he begs me to let him go. I'm going to enjoy breaking him, I know it.
And I have just the technique to punish him with.
"Let's go with it, then..." I give him a wicked smile for his troubles, and swipe through an incoming wave of sand as it misses me. I place the small grains of sand on my tongue and swallow...the world has changed again in my sight, and I can see everything clearly. Paths of light shift and change as the sand moves and gathers around Gaara's form. There's a mix of chakras inside of him, which makes sense considering who he is...and he has plenty of it, even with the use of his techniques like that sand armor.
I retreat all the way to the far wall of the stadium, and his sand attacks die off. He's stopped chasing me and is going to use the time to work something else out. I suppose it's now or never, then. Even with the advantages that I have now, Gaara can be very dangerous if I'm not careful with my movements.
But...I'm dangerous too.
"Here..." I make the four seals needed for the technique and watch as chakra bursts forth violently from my right hand, scorching and searing the ground beneath my feet. I feel my hand shake violently with the pressure as I compress the chakra into it. Scattered bolts of lightning fade down to brightly blazing arcs around my fingers, and those fade further into a dull glow. There's a soothing sound, a hum of energy that is constant in my ears. There's a rumbling against my skin, notable but nothing bothersome. My flesh is tingling from the rush of chakra. It wants to burst out quickly, but that's the whole point, isn't it?
I let the noise from around me filter in, and it seems like the crowd is really into it. They're quite excited from my little performance so far. I wonder if I might be into showing off, too...it might fit my personality. Emi did give me that sort of experience...
"Come back here and fight, little girl. You can't run away from me!"
I'm snapped back into focus by that annoying voice. Run away? You trash...who is it you think you're mocking? I make a face as I freely hold my technique.
"That's one more reason to crush you...little boys shouldn't talk so much, or be so rude. I'll give you the punishment you deserve for that."
"Your ignorance will only lead to death. I know how fast you can move...you won't ever beat me with your weak attacks."
"Hmph. Well...here I come, then. I'll give you an unforgettable experience."
I focus chakra into my feet and surge ahead. Gaara stretches an arm forward.
"Quicksand Waterfall Flow!"
I can feel the earth rumbling. Sand gathers and rises up from beneath the earth, forming into a giant wave. It rises high above me before breaking and starting to come down on my head. I simply accelerate to my right, moving in an arc and then back towards the middle of the arena as the sand crashes down behind me. More waves of sand, smaller now, come up in my path and I dodge them easily. The chakra in my right hand is burning pleasantly.
Gaara turns to face me, thinking about trying that attack again while creating more of his sand clones. The waves of sand get bigger, and he tries to clip my feet as I move. I keep going, moving left and right and back again as I accelerate and spray sand everywhere. More clones rise up in advance of my arrival and I tear past them like they're not even there. He has no room to start that technique again and his eyes widen as he realizes what's happening. I get closer and closer and he has no means to stop me.
The very last wall of sand appears and I burst through it head first, laughing like the cruel mistress I am before I put my right finger to his chest, pointing my thumb upwards as if I were playing with an imaginary gun. Oh, but this is a brutal reality for him, isn't it? The sand is still too slow...it's time to take him, just like I've wanted to from the start. I grab onto his right shoulder so that he can't escape me.
"Are you ready? I'm gonna drive it in, darling~!"
"You...!"
A sonic boom explodes into existence as I fire. The beam of blue light explodes against the wall surrounding the edge of the arena, tearing it apart and sending pieces flying outwards.
"Gaaaak!"
Gaara falls to his knees as I let go of him, clutching at the hole in the right side of his chest. Sand crumbles around him as he loses his composure, hacking out blood and shaking like a newborn animal. His eyes are filling with tears as he stares up at me, fearful and confused. Oh, what a look. It's beautiful. So very good...
Blood has splashed onto my cheek, and I wipe at it with my fingers. I stare into him, like he did to me, and dip my finger into my mouth.
I knew it. A once in a lifetime experience. Pure like nothing else. Sweet on my tongue. Absolutely, indescribably delicious. This is it, something that can't possibly be surpassed in this world. A phenomenon like no other. I pull my finger from my mouth and feel my breathing get heavy. My body is filled with pure goodness. "This is everything I was hoping for and beyond," I say through my breaths. "The pain, the despair...everything mixing together so beautifully. It's all so good..."
"My...my blood...why?" Gaara slowly gathers sand to try and cover his wound. "What is this...what is this?"
"I need more. I really...need more out of you," I breathe out. "I'm not satisfied just yet." It feels so good. I know what's happening to me, and...I really shouldn't get carried away, but I am anyways. This sensation running through me right now is...rapture, isn't it? Yes, that's it. A pure, joyous experience that is threatening to overwhelm me. Something that people spend their entire lives chasing, over and over. I don't care about the next event, or how likely it is to happen again. I just want to enjoy...this part.
Degeneracy...decadence. I close my eyes for a moment and slowly savour the moment, feeling myself relax as I let out a long breath. I can focus again, somewhat. Gaara hasn't escaped my notice and I shove my foot into his face, knocking him backwards. He pants with exhaustion and glares at me with all the anger that he can muster.
All I can see is another chance to indulge. I just want...one more taste.
"Do you want to know what this is?" I ask as I look down at him, catching my breath. "It's pain. It's what you were talking about earlier...something that you desired. It was what you were looking for all along, when you said that you would risk your life against the strong. So...how is it, Gaara of the Desert?"
"I...ugh..."
"Do you feel alive yet?" I give him my special smile. "Or do I have to drive myself into you again?!"
"Ah...ahhh..AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
I back away from him as the sand starts to gather from all around us. It covers his body completely, forming into a sphere...a cocoon, then. I feel a strange, dangerous pulse from inside as the sand continues to layer itself over and over, being drawn to one spot. The same sort of feeling from when Naruto drew on the chakra of the demon fox. This boy doesn't mean to attack.
"He wants to use that curse here," I mumble. It's not the same as Naruto, but there are those similarities in nature...
I glance up towards the waiting area. Temari is panicking, her face twisted up in fear. I move my eyes to another section and Kankuro is clearly frightened himself. The sensei from the Sand that came with them is grimacing. I have to wonder why they're all so distressed...seems a bit more than worry about Gaara being in danger.
"Is this a trump card? Shino did say you should always have one." I laugh to myself. "Kekeke...well, it doesn't matter if it's useless, right? I do have my love of girls, but...I might enjoy playing with cute boys like this, too. More and more bad habits on my part."
I slowly lick my lips.
"Ah, well. I can deal with this addiction later..."
I watch as some of the sand forms into a floating eye. It watches me intently.
"Oh. Surveillance...so he really is buying time for something. Could it be...hm. Transformation?" I watch his 'colours' start to change while licking some of the blood from my right hand. It's still so heavenly. "I'll crush him one more time...and get my fix before this is over."
I skip backwards and slowly make seals again, waiting for him to react. Nothing...he's focused on shifting inside of that cocoon. I'll bait him out with another attack before he finishes. Dealing with a tailed beast might be too much for me, though...something so big would have a lot of weak points, and-
"Focus, silly girl." I'm getting carried away. Right, I'll get one last taste and end this. Gaara's chakra is pulsing ominously as I charge my jutsu again. Three seconds to finish.
Done. Too bad for him.
"If this doesn't work, we can think of something else. For now, though...let's see. I don't want him to die, because that would be more than a little rude. If circumstances change, I'll change my thinking. The gut sounds like a good spot...that should hurt him plenty. Not too far south. If I remember correctly...yes, there." I raise my arm and point my finger forward, my hand in the same position as before. One eye closes to help with my aim. "Okay..."
Sand is now layering itself on the front of the sphere, in anticipation of my attack. He's running scared for sure now. This time...I'll give the audience a bit of extra service.
"There's nothing you can do now, boy. I'm here...to deliver this destruction to you. Lightning Release: Mobius."
I allow the electricity to flare up as I fire, sending a dramatic-looking burst towards the sphere of sand. It pierces it easily, making the front half explode outwards. Gaara is thrown against the crumbling wall of sand behind him, slumping over while coughing up blood. The entire sphere falls over a moment later, leaving him on the ground, bleeding.
I bring my hand towards my lips, and blow away the smoke from my index finger. "I suppose that's that. Midori-nee gave me a wonderful technique to play with...hmhm."
As I walk over, I see that Gaara is barely moving, resting on top of a layer of sand that must have cushioned his latest fall. His entire right arm has warped into a massive, veined limb with sharp claws on the end of it...it loses shape and falls apart, turning back into sand. Gaara is putting everything he has into remaining conscious - his automatic defense is down and the gourd from earlier is gone, too. So that was made of sand also? Interesting. His wounds are being covered by whatever sand he can move, thin layers are slowly being soaked through with blood.
"I...almost..."
I move towards his feet before crouching down, putting my hands on my knees. "Almost what," I ask, tonelessly. "Transformed? Had me against the wall, at your mercy? You boys would like the sound of that, wouldn't you."
"You...how are you...this strong...?"
I shrug. "I just am. I work hard, and I had hidden talents from before. Things I never would have discovered if not for this opportunity." I wish the idiots in the stands would shut up. The fight is over, let me do what I want. "I'm not like you. I don't do this to exist...sometimes, I want to feel a rush. So I end up playing with my food, like this time. The closest thing to perfect I've ever enjoyed."
He coughs and pulls himself to his feet, holding his stomach as it bleeds. Soon enough, he drops one knee again. His eyes stare into mine, though with none of the malice from the start of the match, or the despair from recently. It seems that I've drained him dry. Cute.
"I...I killed so much...but..."
"My power is my own," I say to him. "But it's helped along by the bonds that I've made. I don't have any fear of not existing if I don't kill. I don't stay awake at night wondering about it. But...I know what you mean to say. I was like you before I met her."
"H-her...? Who?"
"Midori. My sister in spirit. She was the one who made me into the beautiful weapon you see in front of you," I say with a small smile. "A goddess of destruction."
"That...how. How could she make you this...strong?"
"Love. She poured her love into me, without end. Without condition."
"Something like that...that doesn't make sense. That doesn't work..." He spits blood from his mouth and wipes at it with his free hand.
"I realize now that it's not your fault. You simply weren't taught right. Or...maybe you've just forgotten. Possibly because of your insomnia, but possibly because of something else. There are a lot of things. Or is it that you're listening to the wrong people?" I ask. "Who is it? The beast inside of your head? He probably lies to you all the time. Tells you what to do. What to feel. You're a puppet as you are."
"..." He stares at me, trying to understand.
"There are probably many things that you don't actually know. Many more things that you've forgotten along the way." I tilt my head slightly as I look at him. "Do you understand why I only saw you as a meal?"
"No..."
I nod. "Then learn. And one day, you might stand before me again. Create bonds. Explore the tiny world around you. Find a purpose that lets you stand on your own. Your method of validation requires other people to exist, to find and hunt as prey. As a human, you are better than that. Love only yourself? Fight only for yourself? Do you understand what it is you're saying? In order for you to exist, there has to be existence around you. What we call civilization. Without that, your existence has no meaning. And when things go wrong, and you are crippled and broken by someone like me...when you are completely devoured without a care...what then?"
He looks at the ground. "I...I don't know. All of these questions are..."
"They're hard. Both to ask of yourself, and to answer. They're supposed to be. I tried one night, long before this..."
"You..."
"It took a long time to pick up the pieces. It took a long time to accept what I was, and what was truly in front of me. How broken I was. How frightened I was. But I changed. I gave myself chance after chance to evolve, and I kept changing and changing over the years." I sigh. "I've stared into the abyss of death once before, through no fault of my own. That's why you were incomprehensible to me, spouting off trash. Living on the border of life and death? It makes me seethe just thinking about something like that."
Gaara blinks slowly. "Do...you fear death?"
"I fear what it could make me become."
He coughs out blood again, swaying slightly.
"You know, I can give you release from this mortal coil...if that's what you truly want. You must have developed a taste for pain by now," I nettle.
Gaara is quiet again, blood leaking from his wounds. He looks at me pensively.
"There...was only one monster in this arena today. And...and it wasn't me."
"I know. I'm the villain...this is what I want." I reach out and touch his forehead. "Gaara."
"...yes."
My finger traces over the scar he gave himself. "You don't have to remain where you are for the rest of your life. Recall what that silly boy in the orange outfit said to us earlier."
"..." He nods in understanding. I flick his forehead, and his eyes close as he falls backwards to the earth. Hayate waits a moment as blood starts to flow from his wounds.
"I guess I'm calling it," he says with a cough. "Gaara is unable to continue. Winner, Lilith Kobayashi."
The stadium is filled with conversation, moreso than cheering. They're wondering who exactly I am, and how I flattened Gaara like that. No damage...no real exchanges. Two bursts of my new technique, and that was all it took to bring him down. Waiting a bit longer would have provided new challenges, like a stadium full of sand, or a monstrous new form. But none of that was in the cards.
I can hear things filtering down as I listen in.
Crazy girl.
Murderer.
Psychotic.
Exhibitionist. Pervert. Freak.
Someone too frightening to belong. Things changing only to stay the same. But I made my decision long ago...this is my path. And this is who I am.
Someone is floating down from above...oh, that's Temari on her fan. The Sand sensei and Kankuro are still in the stands, shocked beyond anything at what just happened. Medics have already come out onto the field to stabilize Gaara. He opens his eyes slowly as they work, Temari rushing to his side.
"Temari...?"
"Gaara. You...you're so..." Her eyes flicker from Gaara to me as the medics stop the bleeding. He's put onto a stretcher, and Temari is given some extra time.
"I...am not sure what I was...doing for so long. I talked so much about pain...and suffering. They were not what I assumed them to be..."
"..."
"I...think you might not be...this close," he says with a deep breath in, "for a long time. So...w-while you can hear me..."
Temari shakes her head. "Gaara, listen, you don't have to-"
She stops as his hand moves, supported by sand. He puts it against her arm.
"I'm sorry."
Temari blinks. "You...what did you...say?"
"I'm sorry...for everything, Temari. I..."
"Gaara...?"
His hand falls away from her as he nods off. The medics make sure he's stable again before moving, taking him out of the arena. Temari is on her knees, motionless. She shuts her eyes tight, but can't stop the streams of tears from coming.
"I...I should be so angry at you for what you did. For what you've changed," she says. "But...now I don't know what to feel."
"What is that boy to you?" I ask.
"My little brother. Gaara hasn't...said anything like that in such a long time. In front of my eyes, in the span of a few hours...he's changed. He's changed so much..."
"Hmph. And here I thought you were just an ornery bitch," I say flatly. She snorts before laughing at that.
"That much is true, at least. I can get pretty vicious. As for you, well...I just thought you were a psychopath."
"I'm more of a pervert, really. But I can see how you got the two mixed up."
"Heh. I...I'm having a change of heart all of a sudden. It's so...stupid of me. Really..."
"..." Cryptic, isn't she.
"I'm gonna head to the bathroom. Makeup's kinda ruined now..." She looks directly at me as she says that, before turning her head away. Slowly rising to her feet, she picks up her fan and starts to head to the bathroom as she said.
"We're gonna have a few minutes before the next match starts," Hayate says with a cough. "Give people some time to grab a bite, or fix their makeup...whatever helps."
I nod with understanding. Eating something or visiting my family would be nice...but I know what I want to do with my time.
"Oh, and one more thing before you take off..."
"Hm?"
"The customers need to be acknowledged a bit. It's a tradition," Hayate says, almost apologetically.
"Yes. I suppose that's true."
I give the audience my most uninterested look, and raise a victory sign towards the sky. They respond with loud approval.


Chapter 40
Scarlet Justice - ep. 40"Rebel Heart"[Chuunin Exams: Third Round Finals 4]

Some extra time to walk around as I please. Alright.
I leave the arena and head towards the closest women's bathroom on the ground floor. There's a cone and a maintenance sign on the door already, which is perfect. I set the cone in front of the entrance and flip the maintenance sign over, then check inside for anyone. Just one person...good. Temari is in front of the row of sinks, with the usual continuous mirror. She has a pencil in her hand, so she must be touching up her eyeliner.
"So you decided to come, then," she says without turning.
"Yes. I want to say something."
"Don't. I know it's something weird."
"You're right. Yes, it is something weird. You have sexy legs."
A sigh. "I'm straight, you know."
"Okay. So, can I touch them?"
"No."
"Hm."
"We don't have a whole lot of time, so you should stop trying to flirt. For now, at least," she mumbles. "I mentioned a change of heart...this is something impossibly selfish on my end, so you should listen up. Gaara was supposed to be our main weapon today."
I cross my arms. "Main weapon. You Sand children meant to invade us. I knew something was going on, but this is a bit too much. So why would you spill this information so suddenly? Surely the cause meant something to you, especially as the Kazekage's daughter."
"I...I didn't think much of this stupid plan from the start," Temari says as she stares at her reflection. "The main force was supposed to be the four of us...myself, Baki-sensei, Kankuro, and Gaara. Gaara as I said would be the biggest threat from inside, transforming into his tailed beast form at the promised time. The rest of us would slaughter Leaf forces along with the Sound...and their traitors inserted into Leaf ranks..."
"..." Well this was already going nowhere good, but the extent of this sort of madness...
"But...you wiped out Gaara so easily. You devoured him...just like a snake. And he was so vulnerable, lying there...saying those words. I..." She shakes her head. "Kankuro isn't much use right now, since the plan was to have him get into the final round with Gaara and I so he could have his weapon on him. He also had some gear inside of his puppet that he wanted to save for later...not that it would have been too useful against your bug buddy in that prelims fight. With him gone, it was down to us three...but now that Gaara's down too, things will have to change. Baki-sensei and I are still waiting for the signal. Obviously it's not happening until I get back to where I'm supposed to be and make proper contact." She makes a face. "We might really have to retreat at this rate after finding a way to pull those guys out of their situations, but Gaara is so injured that he really can't move after what you did."
And once again, my love of sadism saves the day. Sort of. I really am curious how it came to this, though. "Temari...aside from the orders given by your father, do you know exactly why this is happening?"
She decides she's finished touching herself up, and turns to face me before leaning back against the counter.
"It's because of the Wind Daimyo. The Leaf and Sand have an alliance going, which is what helped us push Gaara into the exams in the first place. We do trade back and forth, too. But the daimyo has been too trusting and reliant on Leaf. The differences in pricing and quality keep increasing...a lot of the missions that should have gone to us..."
"...ended up going to us," I finish. "I think I see. There's a grudge over Sand losing a lot of its funding and prestige. We actually had a delivery to your country...hm. That was our first ever mission as a team. Dealt with some bandits..."
"Bandits, huh." Temari looks at me before having a moment of realization. "Hey...wait a minute. Don't tell me...you're 'her', aren't you?"
"Her?"
"There are rumours spreading all the time...some criminal that we hauled in from a desert mission lost his mind after having to recollect what he saw before he was captured. He was part of a 40 man bandit force, meant to steal the contents of one wagon with a bunch of rare metals in it. Some corporate job to obtain trade secrets from an upstart business. But...he was the only one left alive after everyone else was wiped out. He said the one who did it...all of it...was a girl with red hair." She gulps. "I know...that it was you."
I sigh. "Yes. It was that mission. I slaughtered them all."
"That mission is called '39 Down' by a bunch of shinobi, but most of the population calls it the 'Desert Storm'. Now it makes sense how you did all that to Gaara. You've...always been a monster. Shit..." She rubs at her head. "But now you know what's going on, I guess. This is retaliation for what's happened, and we've joined forces with the Hidden Sound in order to crush the Leaf. With the Leaf in ruins, we should be able to reclaim what was once lost, or so my father says. If we wait too long, then...the Sand would completely lose the ability to fight the Leaf. And maybe more weapons like Gaara will be created as a result."
"So...does the Sand's fate not matter to you? You realize what you're risking by telling me all of this, and betraying your village."
"I just...don't want it to end like this. And I know that we probably won't be shown any mercy by the Leaf. Not even Gaara. All of those things have crossed my mind." She lets out a breath and looks at me. "I want you to help stop this, because I know you can. I want you to turn this invasion upside down, like you flipped Gaara's life around in a single battle. Maybe the Leaf is a threat to us, to our existence. But so many people will die because of this...pointless war. And I don't want to see my brother used as a weapon anymore. I don't...want to see him used as a tool. He's better than that, he always has been, but especially now that he wants to change...he deserves another chance."
"Mm." I brush back some of my hair. "So you've turned to this Scarlet Viper...the villain with her bloody fangs."
"Well...when it comes to reliability, shouldn't I seek out the strong?"
"Perhaps so." There are a lot of things blending together, but the main thrust is that there is an invasion about to happen. All of those Sound shinobi...the Hidden Sound. That sort of minor village. How did they pull off such a deal? They haven't been active for very long, from what I know. I look at Temari and start thinking about what I can possibly do.
Some would call it unwise. But one hand extended in faith deserves another. That is how I feel right now.
"This should be kept in confidence," I say to her.
"Oh. Yeah, alright. What is it?"
"That man from the Sannin is present. Orochimaru."
"Wait, what? Here? Why?" Temari asks, her eyes widening. "You don't think he's here to cause trouble for the Leaf as well, do you?"
"He has to be pulling strings somehow. I fully expect him to interfere, since he's expressed an interest in Sasuke."
"Uchiha? He's not even here yet...but I mean, what else could he be around for? I know he's a dangerous missing-nin, but do you really think he'd get involved?"
"Who knows. Sasuke is important to him, as the last of the available Uchiha. I suspect that Itachi was too much for him to handle."
"This is so confusing."
"He might be the one," I say. "Meddling in this whole thing. It's possible he's an agent of the Sound, or affiliated with them. All of those traps and decoys..."
"That just makes it a lot worse if it's true. Dammit." Temari lets out a sharp breath. "But I'm not letting that become an excuse. I'll have to-"
"We can designate others to guard your little brother. You'll probably be needed out front. After all," I say with a smug look, "you did save your strength for an invasion."
She frowns and turns her head away. "Tch. Way to twist it in, you bitch."
"It's what I do."
"There's a hell of a lot to take in. This whole war about to explode on us, and one of the Three on top of all that...I don't know what to think anymore. But you know...hearing me out like this, even if it's going to suck later...well, I owe you a lot. Thanks...for all of this. Besides what you did for Gaara, I mean."
"You listened to your heart. That's the most important thing...and we can save lives this way."
"Yeah," she says with a nod. "The signal starts with Kabuto, the guy who's working as a double agent for the Sound. He's supposed to be using a genjutsu or something to take out as many people as possible at once. After that, the Kazekage and his guard will move. Then the three of us as I mentioned earlier." She pauses in thought. "Now that...it's come up. I don't know what my father is thinking sitting up there. Maybe he's up there in age, but that's still the God of Shinobi we're talking about. I think it'll take more than three people to stall him."
"It would, yes." That really does sound a bit dodgy. "Kabuto is likely to be disguised as ANBU. A real method actor, it seems. I should have figured he was up to something...bowing out of the preliminaries in the manner he did was suspicious from the start." But then...there was a quick response to that, wasn't there? From what Tsume told me, Erika is strong and someone loyal to the Leaf. It's likely that she's one of the many countermeasures in place for Orochimaru's advance, and that she saw through Kabuto as soon as he made his move.
"So annoying." Temari sighs, frustrated. "But our time's up, I think. It's been a while since we made our way in here...so we need to get back before we miss the next fight, and make certain people anxious. Now that the original plan's fucked to high hell, the signal might go up pretty soon."
"I see. And during such an important fight, too," I say.
"Oh, yeah. Your teammates are going at it next." Temari eases herself up from the counter. "That looked like a fun one...bug boy versus noble girl. And then the slacker gets to escape again...Uchiha's fight is gonna be a wash too. People were really looking forward to seeing him mix it up, though I assume with the other Hyuuga as opposed to Uzumaki. Lots of nobles paid top dollar for seats. They're gonna be pissed once the kunai start flying," she says with a light laugh.
"Well, you can pay me back for my disappointment, at the least."
"Hm?"
"Just let me touch them," I instruct with my serious face.
"No."
"Mm."
"..." She moves towards me, then leans forward and kisses me on the cheek. "Live with that much. I'll pay you back properly one day soon for what you've done...but nothing sick like you're probably thinking. Like I told you, I'm straight. See you around."
I can see her blushing as she leaves the bathroom ahead of me. A couple of whiny women stream in afterwards, some of them crowding around the sink and bickering.
"Down payment, then. Hm. Shame about her liking boys, though," I say with a smile.
It seems that I have a lot of work to do. This information won't be wasted...that is my promise to Temari. I head back upstairs to the waiting area, thinking on this vital information. What should I do first, exactly? Aside from sounding the alarm...but that might be a bit too soon. Nothing is happening just yet, and if I have the right gauge of Temari, she's wasting time on her end as well.
"Lili!" Hina bounds over and smothers me in a hug.
"It's good to be back," I say.
"Welcome back, Boss. That was an overwhelming power you showed off just now."
I smile and pet Hina's head as she snuggles into me. "All in a day's work. So...now that you've seen the results of my training, are you afraid?"
"Just a little...but I promised that I would reach you," Hina says.
"I feel the same. We're going to do our best to reach your level," Shino replies.
"Hmhm. That's good of you both...ah. Speaking of the tourney, why aren't you both down yet? You're the next match."
"The Kazekage seems to have left his seat for a moment," Lee says. "It seems that something has happened, and it was quite close to the official end of the intermission, too."
"Interesting." I look around. "Hasn't Sasuke arrived yet?"
"Nah, he hasn't! What's that dumbass doing?" Naruto yells. "He's gonna be disqualified at this rate! Oh...t-then again...if he saw what Lili did just now, he'd probably piss himself and quit anyways! Nyahahaha!"
"..." Lee gives me a wary look, and I return it. I'm not too fond of these 'heroic justice' types as it is. And that awful spandex doesn't help.
"You looked like you were enjoying yourself a bit too much," Shikamaru says from his spot on the floor. "Fighting someone like you...yeah, definitely a major pain in the ass. Like, what was that whole thing when you got him the first time? I mean...it was super impressive how you picked him apart, but the blood licking and everything...damn."
"Oh...that. You know, you're right in that I did overdo it. Fantasizing a bit too much on my end, getting carried away. Must have been the atmosphere and that murderous intent being bandied about."
"Eh..."
I smile as I think back to it. "It happened that...I went over the edge."
Shikamaru blinks. "Wait. You don't mean..."
"Mm..." I feel myself blushing. "Yeah. Something...like that."
"Lili...y-you...?" Hina stammers. She's blushing brighter than I am, somehow.
"What, what?" Naruto asks. "What are you guys talking about?"
"I wonder myself," Lee says with a confused expression. Shikamaru covers his face with his hands, while Shino adjusts his glasses and tries to hide being flustered.
"You're way too much. Even for a girl, you know," Shikamaru groans.
"It might be so," I say quietly. From my observation, the Hokage is still alone in the press box...meaning the Kazekage isn't back just yet. This might be a good time to test my theories and set events in motion.
Matters of life and death...and Temari's wish.
I stifle my embarrassment and organize my thoughts. Right. No time to waste after this.
"Shino."
"Yes."
"Walk your way down to the ground floor when the hour for your fight arrives. Take as much time as possible when they call for you and Hina, and then tell Hayate-senpai to observe the area where the Hokage is if you run out of time after that."
"Understood."
"Hina, I need you by my side."
"Yes," she says without hesitation.
"Shikamaru, I will explain everything as we move. Please follow me...this is a matter of life and death," I say to him seriously.
He jumps up from his sitting position and cracks his neck. "Got it. Lead on."
"Thank you. We'll start to move."
"Eh? Lili, what's going on?"
"Naruto, listen to me carefully. You're going to be getting orders. When Sasuke arrives, say nothing until the time I give you."
"Lili-"
"Please. Promise me, Naruto. Only you can do this for me."
"I-I got it!"
I whisper instructions into his ear, ones that will hopefully keep Sasuke safe and away from Orochimaru if he does make it here. That man can't be allowed to win...
"That's it, huh."
"Yes." I give him a warm smile. "Thank you, Naruto. This is for the safety of the Leaf."
"Ossu! Leave it to me, Lili!" he says with a salute. "I'll take care of Lee for you, too! Good luck!"
I nod and my expression returns to neutral as I head off, my team in two. I explain the situation in detail to Shikamaru and Hinata as we walk towards the seating area with the Kage and the lords.
"And you know this information is accurate?" Shikamaru asks. "She could be lying for all we know. This could be a big trap."
"The information is corroborated by various other sources that I've come across. Anko-nee was that man's apprentice up until a certain time. Lord Hokage also knows that he's here somewhere, plotting something. Since Sasuke has yet to arrive...we just need to confirm their actions and completely destroy the timing of this new threat. Hopefully that ruins Orochimaru's ambitions as well."
"Shit...this is a mess. If it's really one of the Three...we could die instantly..."
"Yes. We could. But if we sit here and let it happen, there's no telling where it could lead. And we would be far from safe, no matter how we try to run. More than that, I trust Temari. The tears she shed for Gaara, her little brother...they were real."
Shikamaru grumbles. "I swear I'll haunt you forever if this blows up. You too, Hinata."
"Uu...something like that..."
"Don't worry, Hina. We won't die here, and this slacker would rather watch clouds than haunt pretty girls like us. Now...we're going to test my theory." We come to a stop near one of the alternate exits from the seats, stopping on the stairs. "Hina."
"Yes." She activates her Byakugan. "The Kazekage is...ah, heading downstairs somewhere. He has two guards with him." As expected. "But they're...I don't understand."
"What is it?" I ask.
Hina frowns. "Each of them has two chakras. Two different chakras in each body, I mean. And the Kazekage...something is wrong. He's...obscured. Is it some kind of technique?"
"Hrm. We can't confirm anything like that. Time to go a bit further...we don't have time or space to call for extra help, and there aren't enough ANBU that we can pull one off their line. I'm borrowing Temari's form. Shikamaru, can you make use of the information I gave you?"
"Yeah, easy enough."
"Okay. We'll follow them until we know exactly where they're going. Hina, keep your range up so we can observe any changes. Shino hasn't moved, which means they're probably waiting for the Kazekage to return before they start. That's good for us, but we don't want to waste any time that we can get."
We follow the Kazekage's group stealthily as they descend, keeping our distance and remaining inconspicuous to anyone we might pass by. It feels a bit tense now...a dangerous mission in the middle of the exams. The definition of a thriller, to be sure. Where exactly are these three going?
"Lili...this area leads to the medical ward," Hina says quietly.
"So he's going to check up on Gaara," Shikamaru says. "Makes sense...that's his kid, even if he was a psycho jinchuuriki just a while ago."
"Yes. And we simply have to observe...I'll make the first move when we need to." We continue following for a set distance until the Kazekage enters a room, and at that point we decide to pause in the nearest stairwell. Time to change.
I focus and transform, adopting Temari's appearance right down to her lovely, sexy legs.
"Damn, it's a spitting image," Shikamaru says. His eyes narrow soon after. "But I get the feeling that you're enjoying this part of the job too much," he mutters.
I frown at him and bounce my newly upgraded breasts a bit. "There's nothing wrong with that, my dear."
He stares at me before looking to Hina. "You really deal with this every day?"
Hina smiles back. "Never a dull moment."
"Man...can't believe I'm saying it, but I'm glad I drew Ino, then."
"We can chat about how much of a pervert I am later. I'm heading in...watch my back."
"Five people in the room total. Two medical staff, two guards, and the Kazekage. Nobody approaching yet from any direction," Hina reports. "All green."
I nod and make my way around the corner, towards the room. Steadying my nerves, I quickly and easily slip through the entrance without a sound, then purposely take a heavy step to alert everyone to my presence.
"Lord Kazekage," I say pensively.
"Temari...what brings you here?" he asks without turning. The two 'medics' are also Sand shinobi, and they're working on keeping the room secure.
"I was worried about the state of the plan now that Gaara is...well, shall I make adjustments?" I ask.
"Things will proceed as normal. During the match with Aburame and Hyuuga, Kabuto will start the show."
"And you don't want me to step in before then? My lord, our battle power is a joke now that-"
"Patience, Temari."
He's falling for it. Good...I even got her impulsive streak down.
"Tch...my apologies, Lord Kazekage. It's just that...we can't have things go to pieces now. There's been too much that we went through with this plan to get to this point."
"Of course, that's well noted. You were reluctant at first, and the stakes are certainly high." I step forward as the Kazekage speaks, looking at Gaara as he lies in the hospital bed. There are tubes going in and out of him while he wears a breathing mask. "What an interesting child...this Gaara. Always causing nothing but trouble wherever he goes. These jinchuuriki are quite fascinating to watch, him and the Nine-Tails brat. It's too bad they couldn't fight...but that little firebrand put on an impressive show. Lilith Kobayashi, wasn't it?"
"Yes, sir."
"Hm. I wonder what having that kind of power on our side would be like...a girl who enjoys carnage like that would certainly be a boon. There would be no end to the missions she could take on to satisfy herself. But alas...the Third Hokage must have some way of keeping her tethered to mortality, something effective at that."
"..." If only it were that simple. There are a lot of things that keep me grounded. Like the 'brat' he chooses to speak of so dismissively. "Seeing Gaara again...like this. It's..."
"That's right. Even with all of the calamity you've gone through because of him, that's still your brother. Conflicting feelings, Temari?"
"Maybe," I mutter. "It's a lot to take in, my lord."
"There's nothing to worry about from here on. Gaara will be taken care of, and we will complete this mission that we've risked so much for already. Return upstairs, little one. Kabuto should be ready soon."
"Yes, Lord Kazekage." I turn on my heel and start to leave before pausing. "My lord, Kankuro..."
"Baki will be taking care of both your brothers when the time arrives. And Kankuro will be of use, as he has desired. As I said before...there is no need to worry about anything."
"Understood, my lord. Please forgive my impatience." I bow to his back and head out, taking the long way around and back to my initial location. As soon as I reach the stairwell, I drop my transformation and wait for Hina and Shikamaru to emerge again.
"So...what'd you pick up?" he asks.
"Not too much...some things that sound strange, but since I'm not familiar with the Sand, I can't say anything for sure." I go over the short conversation I had, along with my observations.
"Dunno what to make it of it myself," Shikamaru says as I finish. "Pretty brutal towards Gaara, though. Makes sense why he'd be so hostile if his own father saw him as a tool."
"..." Things like this always hit a little too close to home. I shove it down anyways. "We won't know anything for sure until we ask the source. He might be in there just a while longer, so let's go upstairs now."
We walk at a brisk pace back the way we came, with Hina looking out for any danger. As we ascend the first stairway we came down, Temari is coming in the opposite direction.
"Oh, it's you guys. What are you doing?" she asks. "Huddled up and all that. Oi...wait, did you-"
"Yes, I explained it to them," I say.
"Idiot." She rolls her eyes at me. "Why didn't you just-"
"Hey, shut up for a moment." She clicks her teeth and I continue. "There's something I need to confirm. I went downstairs to the medical bay with these two just now. What I did was take your appearance and enter the room with the Kazekage...we both were with Gaara and the-"
"Eh...what?" The colour drains from Temari's face. "Father...he's with Gaara...?"
"Temari?"
"Out of my way...get the fuck out of my way!" she roars.
"Shikamaru," I call.
"Yeah. Tch...she's got a pull on her," he mutters.
"What...damn you, you shitty fucking slacker! Drop your fucking jutsu before I kill you!"
"No can do. Kobayashi's orders." Shikamaru has threaded his shadow through mine, using it to bind Temari as she stands in front of me.
"Hey, Red! What the fuck?" she cries out. She's upset and not calming down.
"Temari, please...quiet down a moment. Tell me why you're panicking," I say to her.
"Isn't it obvious?!"
"It's not, you silly bitch. Speak up, because I'm not letting you go."
"You mean I'm not-"
"Shikamaru, hush," Hina instructs.
"God...you women are so..."
"Gaara...for the last six years, after my father deemed Gaara a failure of a shinobi...he tried to assassinate him. Six times. He only stopped when it looked like Gaara was in control of himself..."
It's no wonder he developed that sort of mentality. Your own father...deciding that you were worthless enough to be terminated? I couldn't imagine something like that...even as distant as I am from my own father.
"If my father is down there, do you think he would miss an opportunity to kill Gaara off for good?! After he got beaten so badly by you? After he failed the village again?! That's why...that's why...!" she screams, tears in her eyes.
"There's no further action. The Kazekage and his guards are coming back," Hina says calmly.
"The Kazekage was doing no such thing," I say to Temari. "He never mentioned it. More than that, he mused on a clash between Gaara and the Nine Tails child."
"Nine Tails? Who is? And...looked forward to...?"
"He called Gaara an interesting kid who causes trouble wherever he goes."
"What...that's...that's not possible," Temari says, slowly calming down. "That's impossible, why would..."
From her reaction, it's all wrong.
"So that's it, then," I say.
"There's no way in hell...that man is my father," Temari growls.Orochimaru...that guy is crafty.
Anko's words ring in my head. With all of the evidence so far, and that strange feeling...the Kazekage's chakra being blocked from Hina's sight, and the vague plans...the desire to hunt for Sasuke...
This is getting out of hand.
"So what do we do?" Shikamaru asks as he releases his technique. Temari stumbles and leans against a wall for support.
"We need to make the first move, head-on. Now that we know a fake is pulling strings, we have to act quickly. Let's head up now and wait for him to arrive, then figure things out from there," I say.
"We can't just call ANBU, either...with that Kabuto guy running around, we need all hands on deck. Like you said earlier, pulling one of them off their lines unexpectedly might cause chaos."
"Now that we've confirmed these things, what would our next step be?" Hina asks.
"That's the whole issue, isn't it..." I can make sure Temari is safe, but she's a tough girl. And I want her free to move. We can play it cool and get back to where we were earlier, preparing for the incoming madness...but that's too passive. We might be just genin, but we're not useless kids. I close my eyes and think through scenarios.
Exposing the fake Kazekage is an option, but his battle power is unknown, and he has those two guards...a three on three isn't ideal with Shikamaru and Hina. Going alone might work with my mobility, but that's uncertain too.
Kabuto...hard to find when he's disguised. He might even be in league with Orochimaru, if he's the one behind all this. Going to Kurenai would help, since she's with Asuma, another Leaf elite. A lot of options. Maybe too many at once. I have to think and keep things together.
"This war...this entire war...it's..." Temari shudders and makes her way back up, a distant look in her eyes. She really might do something I'm unprepared for at this rate.
Kabuto...Hiruzen...Kurenai...Orochimaru...Shikamaru...Temari...Hina.
My eyes open.
"We're going to stop these bastards in their tracks," I say firmly to my comrades. "And I have just the way to do it."


Chapter 41
Scarlet Justice - ep. 41"After Burner"[Chuunin Exams: Crushing the Leaf]
We have the tools we need. Time to execute.
"Hina, find Kurenai quickly and tell her what's happening. Asuma should be next to her, and with his reputation alone we should have some weight on our side."
"Yes!"
"Shikamaru, we're going to see the Hokage."
"Got it."
"Lili, good luck," Hina says to me. She gives me a hug that I return. "I'll see you on the other side...please, be safe. We'll save the Leaf together."
"We will. I love you, Hina."
"And I love you, Lili."
The three of us start our movement. As soon as we leave the stairwell, Hina takes off. We catch up to Temari on our way over.
"Oi...don't do anything too stupid. I've got a promise to keep," I say in passing.
"..."
We make it to the Hokage's box area, where a man with a strange scar on the left side of his face stops us.
"You. State your business," he says.
"Sir, I urgently request an audience with Lord Hokage. Please. It's important."
"Raido...stand down a moment. Let these children through."
"Yes, my lord." He lets us pass and I get to one knee in front of the Hokage, Shikamaru following suit.
"What is it that you children need?" he asks. "The next match will be starting soon, and I don't want you to miss it. You especially, Lili."
"My lord...it's a matter of national security."
"Hm..."
"We've made some observations in the past while, and wanted to quickly bring them to your attention."
"Stand and come closer, Lili. Shikamaru, you may rise as well."
"Thank you." He stands up and rolls his shoulders. I follow my orders and move so that I'm standing beside the Hokage's chair, facing the wall as I speak quietly. "I've relayed the information to Kurenai and Asuma by way of Hinata...but to say it briefly, the Kazekage present at this tournament is an impostor."
"A serious matter. Do you have proof?"
"Immaterial. Based on testimony from the real one's daughter, and the information that I've collected along with my comrades."
"Making this sort of accusation is an incredibly heavy charge," he replies. "How much do you know at this point, Lili?"
"That Orochimaru of the Three Shinobi is here in the village, and that he's plotting something. He's gotten involved with Sasuke and has been tempting him with a cursed seal, the same type as Anko has. He has agents inside of the ANBU and other traitors within your ranks, there's also the Hidden Sound to consider which may be an affiliate of his. They are the ones that are helping the Hidden Sand with their invasion plans. The plan is meant to start at the beginning of the next match...it seems that Orochimaru might be after more than just Sasuke in the end. Gaara was supposed to be part of the main battle force."
"Used as a weapon of war. No wonder that Baki fellow looked so agitated...I see. They were planning to use his madness to make him transform and devastate the village. If Orochimaru was aware of this, or orchestrating it, he could use the chaos as cover to do as he pleased. Hm. All very serious if true. Can you confirm the identity of the Kazekage?"
"Forgive me, my lord. I cannot. Hinata used her doujutsu to try and identify him, but it seems that his chakra network was obscured from her sight. Possibly with a technique. As for me, I can't make any connection with him as someone who is also a chosen snake summoner..."
"I see. It's no worry, my dear. You've done excellent work to uncover all of that, you and your comrades." He pauses a moment in thought. "If you could think back...is there anything else said that you can recall? Anything you might think that was important?"
I rifle through my memories quickly. There has to be something. "Importance...my lord, I don't know exactly how important this could be, but that man, whoever he might be, expressed disappointment in the development of the Nine-Tails...in other words, Naruto."
"Development...he knew about that? Then if what Jiraiya reported was true..."
"Lord Hokage, there's something going on...a disruption in the stands. Someone has set a fire," Raido interrupts. "We have our agents on the way to take care of it..."
"Seems like it's starting," I mutter. "From what I can sense, the Kazekage is returning. Lord Hokage, what are my orders?"
He lets out a breath. "You'll have to forgive me, Lili. This might result in your reputation getting blemished once more..."
"Mm...it's no trouble at all. Playing the villain is my strength."
He chuckles lightly at that. "I see, I see. Then please, give us your best performance."
I slowly turn around and face forward, hiding my hands behind my back. The subject of our discussion finally arrives.
"Lord Kazekage! Welcome back, did everything go well?" the Hokage asks. I watch from one corner of my eye as the Kazekage takes his seat, flanked by his two guards. The strange feeling from before returns, and I feel more and more sure of what we're up against.
"As well as it could be. It's a shame, seeing my son in a state like that. Your little red devil there did some good work. I assume you've called her up to praise her before the next match starts?"
"It might be so, Lord Kazekage. She's one of the children that I am most proud of in the village. A fine talent in every respect, and an example of the shining future yet to come."
"Grooming a successor quickly, are you?"
"Not too quickly. I intend to do this for at least another five years, you know," the Hokage says with a laugh.
"Hoi, wait-!"
Temari suddenly stomps up the stairs and throws a kunai at the Kazekage, which is promptly deflected by one of the guards. I see the Hokage silently signal Raido to stand down.
"Temari...what is the meaning of this? You would attack your own family, here?" the Kazekage growls.
She gives him a malicious grin. "It's called a distraction...you damn faker."
"What?!"
"Hit it!" Shikamaru yells. His shadow is attached to the three ahead of me, and this moment is all I need. I turn to face them and open my mouth.
"False Darkness."
With nowhere to run, the three spears of lightning hit the Kazekage and his guard, tearing through them and the seat ahead. A cloud of dust forms where they once stood.
And now that feeling is hitting me full force. It's a piece of a wavelength that I felt over and over...from the Grass-nin in the second round...from the sensei in the prelims...from the Kazekage just now.
The dust clears, and I finally see him.
"Orochimaru," the Hokage says from his seat. A man that is truly serpentine in every way. Unlike Midori who has embraced a more human form, he has gold snake-like eyes with purple markings around them, and skin that's pale like chalk. His hair is long and black. His face, gaunt like one of the dead. And while his dress seems plain enough, he has a flamboyant purple rope belt, tied into a big knot at his back. He throws away the remains of his triangular hat and tattered robes as four figures stand in shadow behind him.
"And to think, I had it all planned out...only to be ruined by three brats. I must be aging like you have...Sarutobi-sensei..."
"Not just Uchiha...you were after my head in the end, weren't you? You orchestrated this plan to crush the Leaf...and the Hidden Sound is your village, allied with the Sand for that purpose."
"You caught me," Orochimaru says casually. "But you know...I won't let you escape, old man."
"!"
The four in the shadows make their move. I dodge down towards the arena below us as the walls explode outwards, following the Hokage and Raido.
"Orochimaru is my responsbility!" the Hokage yells. "I'll take him on, the rest of you need to defend the village!" As he speaks, I can hear explosions sounding off one after the other, along with the sounds of fighting and panicked screams from civilians. Everyone is moving, Leaf shinobi rushing in to counter the Sand and Sound fighters while protecting the vulnerable. Emi...she's safe with Midori and Luna, so I don't need to worry on that end.
"Good work, Hina," I say to myself.
"Seems that Kabuto was found out...oh well," Orochimaru says with that same languid tone. Our group lands together in the middle of the exam arena. "That alone won't diminish my enjoyment here. Do it!"
"Yes!" four voices reply in unison. ANBU storm into the area along with more Hidden Sound attackers, and immediately start to clash in the stands above us. The four freaks from earlier are making handseals while positioned at the edges of the arena. The Sound attackers are moving further away at the same time, bringing the ANBU with them.
"Isolation!" I yell.
"Shit...what the fuck is this?!" the pink-haired one roars.
"I can't hold it much longer! They're trying to box us in with a barrier!" Shikamaru yells. His shadow is holding the other girl in place. "Make a move, dammit!"
"You fucking trash! I'll kill you!"
"All of you, move a safe distance away! Orochimaru is my opponent!" the Hokage shouts.
"Hahaha! Why not take all the help you can get, Sarutobi-sensei...you're going to need it!" Orochimaru taunts.
Going from bad to worse...but the play is obvious. Let's keep the party an open one, shall we?
"Fine. Let's erase you quickly." I charge my jutsu in my right hand, and point it towards the woman with pink hair. Her eyes widen as she notices me. "Lightning Release..."
"Fucking shit...!"
"Mobius."
The burst goes right for her, but at the very last moment I see something happen. It tears into her flesh and rips apart the wall behind her, with Shikamaru falling backwards.
"Damn...sorry, Kobayashi."
"Don't worry about it," I say.
"You...f-fucking...aaaah!" The woman is bleeding from a hole in her shoulder, but the most striking thing is that she now has strange, jagged black lines all over her exposed skin. Is that...the cursed seal? Shikamaru's shadow binding was overpowered at the last moment, so it has to be an effect of the seal. The same power that Orochimaru gave to Sasuke and Anko.
Or...It's one of the two strongest seals.
Right. There are variants, then. And Sasuke just got one of the better ones, so that he would be tempted to seek out Orochimaru for more of that sort of power. Would he give in so easily, though? Despite what I think of him, I don't want to believe that. But if an inferior version could give that much power in a pinch...
"Tayuya's down! We can't perform the barrier like this!" the fat freak says. I can see that the ANBU are cleaning up the weaker fighters and soon have the upper hand. Several of them join the Hokage as the background fighting starts to wane. We're looking better than before.
"Formation C," Orochimaru calls out. He still looks confident even as we shut his plans down over and over. The remaining three goons move, with the effeminate one grabbing that Tayuya girl as Shikamaru keeps his distance. The fat one stomps the earth before pulling up a massive chunk of it, throwing it at the ANBU and Hokage. Two ANBU launch lightning techniques and destroy the attack in midair; the skinny goon chews before jumping into the air and firing a web from his mouth. Several ANBU are temporarily caught in it. Orochimaru tosses a smoke bomb ahead and it creates a thick veil in front of him.
Buying time for a jutsu, then.
"It's been a long time coming...have a taste of my power, old man!"
I can feel two new sources of chakra emerge, and they're strong. But this smell is also...it reminds me of a grave site. Resorting to unsavory tactics already, then? Seems like something this Orochimaru would do, given his corpse-like appearance. I move to the Hokage's side, seeing if I can offer any help.
"It seems like he's using corpses as puppets," I say to him.
"Corpses...?" His brow furrows for a moment, before his expression changes to that of shock. "No. No, that couldn't be...! Orochimaru! You monster!" he yells.
"?" What is happening?
"Hehe...you've raised some shitty brats this time around, sensei. So you could recongnize the characteristics even in this cloud of smoke. Yes, that's right...I'm using that jutsu. The one created by your mentor, the Second Hokage. I told you earlier that you should have chosen the Fifth already, because you're going to share the fate of these two today."
The smoke clears, and I can see something. Two coffins that have...emerged from the earth itself. The lids shift and fall to the ground, then two figures step out. The Hokage puts on a mask of calm, but is clearly distressed. And my own eyes are widened in horror.
"This...but this is..." I have no words for it. Midori...it's no wonder she hates this man so much, and calls him garbage. Something like this...I can't believe it.
"Yes, my child," the Hokage says. "What you see in front of you is no illusion."
"What the hell kind of jutsu is this...there's just no way," Shikamaru says, shaking.
"To think that we would come back to the living world, and especially like this...but it's been a long time, Hiruzen. You've aged gracefully, I see."
"Saru. Looks like we meet once more."
"I'm sorry that it had to come to this...Lord Hashirama, Lord Tobirama."
Standing in front of me, somehow...are the Shodai and Nidaime Hokage. The men who brought the Hidden Leaf into existence. They wear their armor and retain their appearances from what I've seen in history books.
"Was it this brat who summoned us here? Hoh, cheeky," Tobirama says as he looks back at Orochimaru. "Using taboo arts like this...there's a reason I sealed this sort of jutsu away."
"Looks like we're fighting our man Sarutobi and these kids...you youngsters should get out of the way before you get hurt. There's no telling what this guy will have me do with my Mokuton," Hashirama says.
"Wood Release...that lost secret art used to build the foundations of the Leaf," I say. "Hmph. I suppose trash like this would need every advantage that he could get."
"That's correct! Wow! I like this one with the red hair, she's feisty! Hahaha! Reminds me of Mito!"
"Oi, Hashirama. This is really no time to laugh," Tobirama says, exasperated. They really are brothers, aren't they.
"Our Saru's raised some good kids, though...we should appreciate them while we can."
"Unfortunately, Lord Tobirama is correct, Lord Hashirama...this is no joking matter," Orochimaru says smugly. He produces two kunai with talisman in his hands. "I'll have you end the old man chatter now...time to get to business." He quickly shoves the kunai into the backs of their heads, and steam starts to rise from their bodies as they become more complete in appearance. They now look as if they were alive the entire time, save for those strange eyes.
"This is the technique created and sealed away by the Second Hokage. Summoning: Impure World Reincarnation," the Hokage says.
"Kuchiyose: Edo Tensei," I repeat. "And he chose these forms...these people who meant so much to you, simply to bring ruin to you and the Leaf itself."
"Yes."
"Lord Hokage...can you forgive something like that?"
He throws off his formal robes to reveal his black battle dress. "No. I cannot this time."
"I see." The conditions have been met for 'that'. It might be a good idea to get out of the way, if it's come to this...but I can still be useful in some capacity. I just have to figure out where I'm most useful in this sort of clash.
Everything has escalated incredibly quickly. The battle has largely moved away from the arena, and we have at least a dozen ANBU on our side backing us up. The trash named Orochimaru is on the other with his four freaks guarding him, two of them out of the picture for now. Temari is thankfully long gone, attending to other matters, and Hina has to be somewhere safe with Kurenai and Shino. Shikamaru is here with me, and I can't sense Naruto in the vicinity. Hopefully he's keeping an eye on Sasuke like I asked, but Anko is around as well...
"I may not be the same as in my youth, but I will end this strife her and now. Lord First, Lord Second...prepare yourselves for defeat. And that extends to you, Orochimaru!" the Hokage yells.
"Haha! Come and try it, old man!"
"We can flank and take out the summoner," one of the ANBU says.
"No...that's not how it works," an ANBU in a white cloak says. I assume he's the leader, and he wears a cat-like mask. "From what we know, you have to make the summoner release the jutsu themselves in order to stop it. Killing them means the technique will never end."
"Damn! What do we do, then?" another ANBU asks.
"They had their own wills when they were first summoned, right?" Shikamaru asks from beside me. "If we can get them back to that state, we might have a chance. Orochimaru seems to need to concentrate on their movements now that he's apparently assumed direct control. Breaking that control could level the playing field enough so that the Hokage can take him down."
"That's high level combat, though...the openings will be extremely tight," the cat mask says.
Shikamaru looks at me. "It's definitely insane...and hazardous to my health..."
"You think that Mobius will do it?" I ask him.
"If we're dealing with off the wall stuff like this, why not go for broke? Huge pain in the ass...but we might die either way, so..."
"Hm. So you're not just a lazy slacker in the end," I say with a smile.
"I appreciate that...sorta."
"We'll deal with the other freaks over there. I'm assuming they all have the curse mark, if they're part of Orochimaru's personal guard," the cat mask says. He takes note of me and nods. "Call me Zo."
"Yes. Senpai, what are your thoughts?" I ask him.
"Normally...I would tell you to run away and deal with lesser members of the invading force. But it's as Nara there said...we've seen your ridiculous power against Gaara first hand, and you've already made a legend of yourself as a genin. We need every advantage," Zo says to me.
"Understood, senpai." Advantages, then. If that's the case, then the next move is obvious.
"Water Release: Water Dragon Missile!"
Not much time. The Hokage weaves seals in response.
"Earth Release: Earth Wall!" A massive wall appears to shield the Hokage and everyone behind him. The water dragon slams into it, sending a spray over the top. Generating that much water from nothing...the Second is just as frightening as he was said to be in texts.
I'll use this borrowed time to call my older sister. Her strength will mean a lot in this time. I close my eyes and concentrate, feeling a pulse from the seal that covers my left arm.
Midori-nee. If you can hear me, I need your help right now...
...
There's a long pause. Is she okay?
I'm sorry, Lili. I was just taking care of Emi with Luna here. It's that trash, isn't it? Is Sarutobi in trouble?
Not just yet, but we have a big issue. There's a technique active, called Edo Tensei-
You have to be kidding me. That's Tobirama's...ugh. I thought he sealed that away!
Apparently Orochimaru has been making good use of it. And the worst part is that he's summoned the First and Second Hokages...
Fucking unbelievable. How far will that scum go just to get himself off? Alright...Emi is in safe hands, so I'll be on my way to back you up. We'll talk to her over a nice dinner later. See you in a moment, Lili.
Thank you, Midori-nee...
I open my eyes and sigh. "Lord Hokage, Shikamaru, Zo-senpai. We won't be needed at the front for the next while unless asked. Support is coming shortly."
"Support?" Shikamaru asks. "Who?"
"Onee-sama is making her way over."
"Huh?" He looks at me like I've lost my mind.
I watch as Hashirama, under Orochimaru's complete control, weaves handseals. Something begins to sprout from the ground in front of him.
"Oh no...! All of you! Fall back!" the Hokage yells.
"Wood Release: Sea of Trees!"
In the next instant, a massive wave of trees and roots shoots towards our position, tearing the earth apart as it moves.
"Oh, what the hell...we're so dead," Shikamaru whines. "We are so dead-"
"Fire Release: Great Fireball!"
"Wind Release: True Blade of Wind!"
An invisible force combines with the incoming fireball, turning them both into an unstoppable burning blade that slices apart the approaching mass of trees and instantly turns them to ash that floats in the wind.
"Ye of microscopic faith..." A hand pats Shikamaru on the head, to his annoyance. "Did my cute imouto not say that help was arriving?"
"Midori-nee," I say with relief. She smiles and winks at me. There are gold bands around her wrists today. She wears a pair of jeans that sits on her hips, paired with a red blouse that has a few frills on the front of it.
"Sorry to cut it so close, loves. That sort of art...so it really is him. Hashirama Senju. My goodness, what a mess we seem to be in this time." She walks towards the Hokage and kneels before him respectfully.
"Miss Lilith, my apologies for being late."
"You have nothing to apologize for, Luna. You're as brilliant as ever." I give her a smile as she appears by my side.
"There's no need for any of that," the Hokage says to Midori. He smiles as she rises to her feet. "I should be the one bowing to you, Princess Ryuuchi."
"Oh, come. No need for such formalities with me." Midori draws and opens her fan in a single motion. "It seems like you're prepared to go all in this time, Sarutobi."
"Yes. I have made mistakes in the past...but now, I intend to correct them."
"I've always admired that about you. Allow me to assist."
"It's very much appreciated...as much as I don't like admitting it, I am getting up there in age."
"Nothing to be ashamed of, you know? You're still as handsome as ever. Maybe moreso, hmhm."
He chuckles. "You always did have a way with words, Midoriko."
"Ufufu~ Now, let me see...Lili, young Shikamaru. I want you with me. You masked children, if you're not terribly busy, watch over us from a safe distance."
"Let's do as she says," Zo commands before anyone can protest. "And we're keeping an eye on Orochimaru's little entourage." The ANBU quickly vanish from sight.
"You won't be of any use here," Orochimaru says to his group. "Tayuya, I assume you're still eager to go."
"Fucking right...I only need one arm to pound these Leaf trash-"
"I want you to work on securing the legacy...he didn't make it to the stadium, but I know he must be around somewhere. Make sure he doesn't come to harm...when I'm done with the old man, that will be the most important project. Sakon, follow her."
"Yes, sir."
"I will see you once I finish here. Scatter."
The four freaks leave. The legacy...I wonder if he means Sasuke. Naruto should be around, and Kakashi definitely isn't letting that idiot out of his sight. Hopefully they'll be okay. This in front of us is a much bigger problem.
"So that's your big sister?" Shikamaru asks me.
"Yes."
"Man...she's gotta have some serious balls to jump in the middle of this."
"You don't know the half of it," I say to him.
I have to wonder what Midori is up to...she wants me and Shikamaru around, so there's a plan in place. But what the hell am I going to do against the Founder and his brother? Not to mention an S-Rank criminal who can summon snakes like me.
"..."
There is something, even if I can't see it just yet. I'll believe in myself, just as Midori believes in me.
An aging warrior, a snake princess, a maid, and two genin...up against two legendary Hokage and one of the Three Shinobi.
This is going to be a ride for sure.


Chapter 42
Scarlet Justice - ep. 42"After Burner II"[Chuunin Exams: Crushing the Leaf 2]
The Hokage and Midori stand side by side up front. Luna stands behind them, and then Shikamaru and I bring up the rear, evenly spaced. I'm not entirely sure what my older sister is thinking, but I'm going to trust her like I said I would.
"Man. I wonder what she wants kids like us around for...and...we've got a combat maid, now? I wonder when I stepped into an anime..."
Shikamaru is complaining as usual, but he seems focused on the fight ahead. He's paying attention to everything going on. From what I've seen, he's very capable of making quick decisions and formulating plans quickly without the luxury of time, as when he figured out the plan to create a barrier and stalled long enough to help thwart it. Midori must be counting on that much...I wonder where her confidence comes from, though.
The wall of trees ahead parts as Hashirama and Tobirama walk forward. Orochimaru follows behind them, making them stop as he arrogantly presents himself to our group.
"Well, I thought I felt something off. The bitch herself has arrived," Orochimaru sneers.
"I'm looking forward to the day I won't have to deal with you any more," Midori says just as dismissively. "It's coming very soon, and I'm going to enjoy it immensely."
"Spoiled little brats like you should remain quiet."
"Know your place, trash."
"Have you come to help the little old man?" Orochimaru says mockingly. "Perhaps you're planning to give him a bit of service afterwards? Don't worry...you can shack up with all the dirty old men you want in hell."
"I would call this side of you refreshing if it weren't so vulgar," the Hokage says with surprise. "Does something about this woman irritate you?"
Thinking on it, his composure has changed a fair bit from earlier. When it was just us and the Hokage, he was supremely confident. Now, Midori's very presence is setting him off. Is it simply fear, or something else that runs deeper? Or...is this the one she was talking about all that time ago? The human who had brought ruin to her world...if that's the case, then it explains their hostility towards each other.
"I know the answer," Midori says with a cruel smile. "He just can't get it up unless I stomp on him a bit. Isn't that right, boy?"
Orochimaru growls before opening his mouth wide, a snake emerging from it. The snake then opens its mouth and produces the handle of a double edged sword, which Orochimaru then draws.
"Kusanagi...he seems to be serious this time, then." The Hokage draws blood from his thumb and makes handseals before slamming his palm to the earth. "Summon: Monkey King Enma!" In a burst of smoke, a large monkey with long, unkempt white hair appears. His tail is long and he dresses very much like a shinobi of the village, even with his own Leaf headband in black. He wears a shirt with tiger stripes on it, closed by a red sash.
"Tch, so it's finally come to this! You should have done this a long time ago, Hiruzen!" the monkey yells fiercely. His expression changes as he notices Midori. "You're...what are you doing out here? You're the Crown Princess, aren't you?"
"It's been a while, Lord Enma," Midori says respectfully.
"Heh. You haven't changed much at all, have you? Very selective in who you show respect to...but I could never hate something like that. So you've joined this little party, too. Not sure about the maid or the two midgets. They with you?"
"My lover, my imouto, and her comrade in order."
"Ah, got it. Sorry 'bout that, was just wondering."
"Hmhm. It's no trouble."
Enma gives us a respectful nod and we all nod back. Even with his rough sort of speech, I can tell that he's powerful and well-lived. "I've been telling this idiot Hokage for years that he should have offed this creepy brat."
"Be at ease, my lord. We shall correct our past mistakes. I...have been too relaxed when it came to this garbage myself."
"I wouldn't be so hard on myself if I were you. All the mechanics are more complicated in your case, especially with that goon Manda running around," Enma says. "But...well, I've said it enough times by now. And I'm not seeing things, am I...those are the Senju brothers in front of us."
"Yes," the Hokage says.
"It ends today," Enma growls. "Hiruzen, let's get this done once and for all!"
"Of course! Transformation: Adamantine Staff!" Enma transforms into a large black bo-staff, and the Hokage holds him behind his back in a stance.
"I'll be sure to end all of you...and just for that little talk earlier, I'll do the rich bitch last," Orochimaru says menacingly.
"You're just talk. Go ahead and fucking try it," Midori says.
"Show them no mercy, First Hokage!"
Hashirama makes handseals and all of us are on guard.
"Bringer of Darkness!" At his command, the area is plunged into complete darkness.
"Is this it?" I hear Midori say. She sounds unamused. "He seems to want to go after our most vulnerable members first, because this darkness is nothing. Sweethearts, huddle in. Lili, help guide us."
"Yes," I say immediately. I grab Shikamaru by the shoulder and pull at the back of Luna's dress, bringing them close to me.
"Hell of an opening move," Enma comments.
"Indeed," the Hokage says. "I should be fine on my own, Enma. I think you should protect the others."
"There's no need, sir," I say.
"No need?" Shikamaru says, incredulous. "I think we need all the protection we can get, with this genjutsu up and three combat monsters ready to tear us apart...just saying!"
"Be patient, Master Nara. Miss Lilith has something in mind," Luna assures him.
"Ugh...and another thing. Ma'am, what exactly are you doing here?"
"Lady Midoriko asked me to assist her. I was ready to stay by Mistress Emi's side earlier, but she said that she needed me as soon as Miss Lilith called out. I don't know what exactly my role might be, but I am always ready to serve."
I focus on my seal and think of the person I need in this moment.
"Let our strength combine to create the strongest shield...in order to protect all things precious to us. Chaotic Bulwark!"
Aoko immediately appears and I can sense her form circling around us, moving around over and over to create a dome that contains myself, Shikamaru, and Luna.
"What's happening?" Shikamaru asks.
"You are safe now, young sir."
"Ah? Who's that? Man, there's no way I can keep up...what a damn pain..."
"I serve Princess Lilith, and will do so with all of my strength. Please count on me. Princess, thank you for calling on me. It seems the time has come, and this old enmity will be extinguished. Those who threaten our kingdom and existence must be stopped," Aoko says confidently. "As our Empress wills it!"
"Thank you, Aoko. Lend me your strength in this struggle," I say to her.
"As I breathe, my will is also yours. This Chaotic Bulwark will stand against even the demons of hell themselves."
"Oi...I'm surrounded by chunnis..."
"Pipe down," I say to Shikamaru. "I'm nervous, too." I can 'see' what's happening, and this is high speed, high level combat. Midori and the Hokage are navigating through the dark easily using their extra senses, with Orochimaru stationary and the reanimated Hokage rushing ahead.
"Our priority is removing the two lords from the battlefield," Midori says.
"Is there anything you have in mind to do that?" the Hokage asks.
Midori blocks a punch from Hashirama, sliding backwards. It's an impact that makes me wince just hearing it...incredibly powerful, but Midori shrugs it off like it's nothing. "Yes, but it's risky. I can do something to remove the souls, the only problem is...they might be shattered as a result."
"Shattered?" the Hokage repeats.
"Yes. Destroyed completely."
"Do we really want to do that?" Enma asks.
Midori easily sidesteps an attack from Tobirama and plants an explosive tag on his back. It explodes, blowing him apart...but to my shock, he's continuing to move. I can feel that his form is coming together again, somehow...the smell of graves and ash earlier is strong.
"We might have to at this point. These bodies are capable of continuous self-repair, allowing them to fight without end. It's just like something Tobirama would make..."
"Another option was suggested by young Shikamaru," the Hokage says. He barely avoids a kunai strike from Hashirama, but dispatches him a moment later with a swipe from his staff. "If we can destroy the control tags implanted in their heads, their personalities will return. Then we can gain further insight from the lords, and turn this battle around for good."
"And of course, you have a final option. Isn't that right, Sarutobi..." Midori's tone is accusatory.
"Yes. I do."
"Don't let this idiot do things his way, Princess," Enma says. "I know exactly the technique you're talking about."
"Yes, it's that one," Midori says. She sighs before kicking Tobirama away firmly. "As I said, I'm here for your sake. You're not going to do something so reckless, Sarutobi."
I can only guess that this is some sort of self-sacrificial technique they're speaking of. Hopefully I never have to see it in action...I really do like this old man, and want to see him well at the end of this strife.
"We've conferenced long enough, I think. It's time to end this little genjutsu game." Midori loosens the straps on her heels and steps out of them. Holding them in one hand, she tenses her legs and springs forward, easily flanking the First Hokage before he can react. Her fingers, coated in wind chakra, pierce through the man's side like a hot knife. She uses her other hand, holding her heels by the straps, to make a half seal.
"Release."
The darkness covering the area is erased immediately. Tobirama fires a jet of water from his mouth that slices through his brother as Midori body flickers away, retreating towards the Third Hokage. She flips her hair as Hashirama recovers from his 'wound.'
"Luna."
"Milady." Aoko undoes her dome before shrinking and wrapping herself around me protectively. Luna unrolls a scroll, placing her own shoes into the middle and taking Midori's from her. They're sealed away and Luna then has the scroll disappear in a puff of smoke.
"There's also the problem of the caster," Midori continues casually. "I assume we're going to kill him, Sarutobi?"
"..." He pauses before steeling himself. "If I should falter, take the initiative. It has to end," he says.
"So grave. Mutual death...you're thinking it, aren't you?" Midori places a hand on his cheek. "You live with pride, Hiruzen Sarutobi. But don't try to throw yourself away. There's still lots to learn from you, and you still have to choose the Fifth properly. Make it a proper ceremony this time, yes?"
"Midoriko..."
She smiles tenderly. "I want you to watch over my dear Lili for a while longer. And of course, everyone should be able to enjoy their retirement properly, mm? Life might begin at sixty five rather than forty."
"Heh. You might be right about that."
She nods and pats him twice on the cheek before refocusing. "Now that we understand the options in front of us, we'll make our moves. Be ready."
"You don't have to tell me twice!" Enma's voice booms out. "Let's paste this sick brat!"
Midori draws her fan, opening and waving it a few times. "Yes, let us do so." I see her eyes move back and forth, scanning the field and everything around her. Orochimaru looks slightly annoyed, but thinks he's in control still. The Hokage is tense, but ready. Shikamaru is nervous, but observing quietly. And Luna is as calm as ever, her body relaxed as she looks straight ahead at Orochimaru.
I have a feeling I know what we'll be doing. But let's wait for our orders first.
"We're working towards sealing the two lords," Midori says out loud. "With that, they'll at least be out of the way while we focus on today's biggest target."
"You shouldn't discuss your plans out loud like that, you spoiled bitch!" Orochimaru taunts. "If you think those brats and that fat sow are going to be enough to serve as a distraction, you've made a tragic mistake. Old man, you should talk them out of it before I wrap them up in bamboo and make some appetizers for Manda."
"Orochimaru..."
"Or...a better idea. I take the little redhead with me after I beat the defiance out of her. She should make for a good servant, and a useful tool. I already had one toy, but she's broken now and has to sit in her box until Kabuto can put her back together properly. Imagine, the sister of the haughty princess, brought low...made into nothing but a cheap doll for my amusement." He smiles at me, and I feel my skin crawl. "Of course, if you just give up and join me now, I can make you an esteemed leader in my forces. Yes...all the carnage and destruction you could ever want. Fights to the death every day if you so desire..."
"Go fuck yourself," I say to him.
"Haha...you've certainly inherited that nasty attitude, at least."
"I'm not some mindless killer you can manipulate by promising chances to murder people. For one of the Three Shinobi, it's clear you're not very observant," I say to him.
"Kobayashi, what the hell?! We don't need him even more pissed off!"
"Fucking shove it," I say to Shikamaru. My blood is boiling. "Saying that he wants to break me, to make me into his doll...to strip me of my dignity. To make me bow at his feet, to be nothing but a tool. I've known him less than an hour, and I already want him dead. He can break all of my limbs if he wants to, I'll crawl on my belly and fucking bite him to death."
"Lili...be calm. I know how you feel."
I listen to Midori and try to calm down. "You're right...I'm sorry. I just..."
"Lost control. It's only natural..."
It feels like the earth beneath me is shaking. This pure, murderous intent...it's flowing out from Midori and filling the air around us. Orochimaru's composure breaks for a moment before he focuses again.
"...because I'm pissed off, myself. You will never touch my Lili, you wretched trash. Because you're going to die today. I promise you that." She stomps the ground once. "Formation!"
We get to our places, forming a line next to her.
"Shikamaru, follow Luna. Luna, Protection Two," Midori starts.
"Got it."
"Yes, ma'am."
"Lili, move in. Hit fast. Don't worry about the killing stroke, just give him hell," she says to me.
"Understood!"
"Aoko, do all you can to act as her shield. Absorb impact until you can't open your eyes."
"As you will it, Empress!"
"Sarutobi, Enma! We're taking the two Hokage head on. Let's put our backs into this."
"Let's go!"
"Alright, Princess. We're ready to go!"
"Advance!" Midori shouts.
The Hokage weaves seals as we take off. Midori claps her hands before planting them on the ground. A series of seals spreads out from her fingers before being sucked upwards into them again, coiling around her arms and manifesting as snakes that are as dark as the night sky.
"Fire Release: Fire Dragon Flame Bullet!" The Hokage breathes a stream of flames out that form into a massive dragon. It races forward before splitting itself into three more dragons, each attacking from a different angle.
"Water Release: Water Formation Wall!" Tobirama counters with a barrier of water, stifling the flames immediately as they come in. Hashirama makes a familiar set of seals, and trees again erupt from the earth to try and trap us.
I accelerate in a wide arc to my right as the attack goes towards the old man and Midori, and focus on closing in on Orochimaru. He's using a snake from his mouth to hold onto the Kusanagi, intending to use the wood attacks as an opening to strike my sister. I won't allow it.
"You stupid brat. I told you..." He extends his free hand and I can feel it coming. All I have to do is hold him down, right?
"Keep your eyes open, you fossil. Hidden Shadow Snake Hands!" I punch forward and counter his wave of snakes with my own.
"!"
"Go!" I yell.
"Here it is!" Shikamaru threads his shadow through mine and subsequently through that of the snakes tangled against each other to reach Orochimaru, holding him in place.
"Worthless."
"Not quite..." Luna runs around us and accelerates with her stocking-clad feet, drawing her butterfly knives from the holsters on her thighs.
"Water Dragon Missile!"
"Slow." Luna body flickers past the dragon as it crashes into the ground behind her and moves in a blur, bringing her knives across her body. "Faultless Blade, Style One..."
Orochimaru moves Kusanagi to defend.
"Banishing Fang!" The impact sends a rush of wind by me.
"Holy shit! She's a gorilla maid!" Shikamaru yells. "Oh, man...! Where are all of these girls coming from, and why are they all so terrifying?!"
"Forgot about me already? I would cry if I didn't want to erase you, serpent boy."
Midori jumps through the canopy of trees and down towards the occupied Orochimaru, her fingers on one hand formed into a blade.
"Try dying, trash."
"Guh...!"
"True: Blade of Wind."
Luna jumps out of the way as an invisible blade of wind cuts Orochimaru apart horizontally. He looks shocked for a moment before flashing a mocking grin as snakes extend from his upper and lower halves, pulling his body back together quickly.
"It'll take more than that, you bitch!"
There's no way this man can be called human anymore, can he? He seems to be just as hard to kill as the two Hokage, even if he is flesh and blood.
"Shift," I call out as Shikamaru releases his shadow. The scent of wood reaches me, and I quickly evade the trees rumbling back towards our group as Orochimaru escapes. The amount of wood keeps increasing, and we jump together until we're on top of the mass that has reached halfway up the stadium walls. Midori reaches my side with Luna and Shikamaru, and the Hokage slices his way to the top with Enma.
"He's not going to make it easy," the Hokage comments.
"Obviously not. I don't think he has any other corpses prepared...but it's never good to assume anything," Midori says. It might be that he has prepared a corpse of the Fourth Hokage as well, and if that's the case...I don't want to think about the nightmare that would be. "Regardless, this is what we're dealing with right now. Wood Release is strong enough to be used both offensively and defensively at the same time. The Second Hokage's Water Release can come out of nowhere, in line with his skill while living."
"So what do you suggest we do, Princess?" Enma asks.
Midori thinks for a moment before nodding. "There's something we can do, but it will require us to engage Orochimaru again. I have something I need to test...let's retreat together towards the first opening. Lili, can you use the second stage?"
"I can, Midori-nee."
"Excellent. Luna, keep an eye on Sarutobi and Shikamaru. We're starting." The five of us run along the mass of wood until we find an area where we can drop down towards the stadium floor. "Get ready," she says to me. I nod and prime my chakra for the second stage of the chakra mode.
"Even these trees won't be able to stand up to it..." Midori makes a seal with her free hand before breathing in sharply. "Great Fire Annihilation."
The flames that stream from between her lips blossoms into a truly massive firestorm, engulfing all of the plant life that fills the stadium. But it seems like she's not finished...she makes another seal and pounds on her stomach before sucking in as much air as she can.
"Drilling Air Bullet!"
She exhales a massive burst of wind that stokes the flames already present, turning them white hot as they consume the wood spread through the area. As the wind slices a path down the middle of the field, it blows away the resulting ash, sending it up in clouds that start to settle back down slowly.
"W-wow," I stammer out. It even managed to get the Hokage...but as I suspected, they've already begun to reconstruct themselves after that devastating attack.
"Primed!" Midori calls out.
"Primed!" I call back, activating the chakra mode.
"Only a moment, my love. Forward!"
"Yes!" I accelerate towards the two Hokage as I feel Orochimaru slithering up from the earth, engaging my sister. I charge ahead and shoot past Tobirama with a max speed body flicker as he weaves seals, just missing his massive wave of water as it appears out of thin air. Hashirama jumps at me as I arrest my slide, and I take off laterally to dodge his monstrous punch. It buckles the ground inwards and creates a massive crater...I have to stifle the panic that wants to take over - just one blow and it's over for me. I can't hold this form for too long, either. But I trust Midori, and I'm going to follow this plan through.
Tobirama launches multiple water dragons that I burst past as Hashirama calls forth more trees to give chase. They rumble and crush his brother in the process, but again, he's already starting to regenerate and uses a water jutsu to slice through the trees as I jump out of the way.
"Lord Enma! I'll need half!" Midori calls.
"Got it, kid! On my way!"
"Lili, shift down!"
"Yes, ma'am!" I shift the chakra mode down a stage and continue weaving through the attacks of the lords. I can hold this form for much longer, but I'm not out of the woods yet. Midori races towards me, carrying a staff in her hands. Lord Enma has cloned himself, then?
"Not sure about going up against the Kusanagi...I'm good to go against whatever you can name, but that blade is gonna leave me real sore," I hear Enma say.
"I'll try and save you some pain. I just need to confirm something important," Midori replies. "Here we go."
Hashirama turns his attention towards Midori as she moves in, launching another wave of trees at her. I slip away from Tobirama and note that Orochimaru has emerged from the earth nearby. Midori spins her staff and shreds through the roots and branches as they come for her. Enma wasn't kidding, was he...that staff must be like diamond, then.
"Aoko, think you can chew on a hit for me?" I ask the woman wrapped around me securely.
"Just say the word, Princess."
"Here we go, then. Decoy time." I accelerate towards Tobirama and get into melee range. He draws a kunai and I draw one in response, clashing with him. He moves his foot as I expect and Aoko tightens around me as I let his kick come in, slamming into my chest and sending me flying backwards. The impact is unmistakable, but the pain is nonexistent.
"Aoko, are you alright?" I ask as I slide to a stop.
"More than fine, Princess. You concern is a blessing, but it will take more than that to bring me to heel. The First Hokage's strength, though...it's another matter."
"Seems that I chose well," I say with a wry smile. Tobirama's clash with me means that Midori has slipped by him, attacking Orochimaru directly.
"Now! Nyoibo, extend!" She stops on a dime and the staff extends outwards quickly. Orochimaru curses and brings his blade up to block the attack, but just barely as his sword rests against his head.
"Grrah!" Enma roars and from here I can see the staff shaking a bit. An arm then suddenly grows from the staff and reaches for Orochimaru, barely missing as he retreats. The two Hokage rush at Midori and intend to engage her in taijutsu.
I can do something about it...one more to this party, then.
"To my aid! Extend and bite...Chaotic Movement!"
"Flow!" Crim's voice sounds as he extends towards Hashirama, grabbing onto the back of his armor.
"Return!"
"Flow!" Crim yells as he tenses before contracting, pulling Hashirama off his feet and tossing him back behind us. I quickly retreat back to Midori's side, and we then body flicker backwards to meet with our comrades again. Orochimaru is resetting again himself...his chakra levels have definitely decreased from what I can tell.
"I see it now. Lord Enma, I beg your forgiveness for the pain I caused you," Midori says sincerely.
"It's nothing, kid. Just gonna smart later...so, what'd you figure out?" Enma says.
"I want to make sure everyone's listening. This will be of use to all of the members here," she replies. We all nod as she looks at us. "Then I will begin. If you recall, the talisman were meant to give Orochimaru complete control of the lords after he summoned them. This means that he's consciously controlling them as he is while suppressing their personalities. It means that he needs to have some concentration when he's operating them...and all of that has a limit, no matter how gifted a shinobi one might be. As much as I despise saying it, Orochimaru is definitely a gifted child."
"..." I have to admit that much as well. It's possible that in another world, he would have been the old man's successor...
"While trying to stop attacks directed at himself, he either has to concentrate completely on the corpses to have them intercept, or stop what he's doing and defend, leaving them to pilot themselves. He can only do so many things at one time," Midori explains.
"There was something else, wasn't there?" Enma asks.
"Yes. I'm sure that Sarutobi has noticed it himself."
The Hokage nods. "These two have formidable strength, but...they haven't been revived at their full power."
"..." I want to ask if they're kidding, but it's probably not the case. It's not terribly out there, and just means the stories of Hashirama single-handedly building the foundations of the Leaf with his techniques are the truth. Terrifying, but true all the same.
"We've been dealing with cheap knockoffs the whole time?" Shikamaru says with disbelief. "This stopped being funny a long time ago..."
"Is it because of the talisman?" I ask, looking out at the field. Orochimaru isn't doing much moving, and neither are the two Hokage. They must be wary of us now. "If the techniques are just being used automatically, it might be that they're just generic attacks in comparison to what the lords did in life."
"Yes, that's certainly it," Midori says to me. "Along with their personalities, there's a degree of power that comes from knowing your own techniques. Unsuppressed, they could potentially have access to their entire repertoires. However...that requires loosening the control over them. This is one complication of Edo Tensei."
"So we're dealing with imitations...and they're under Orochimaru's complete control as of now. Which means that we need to divide his attention while attempting to seal the movements of the revived lords," the Hokage concludes.
"That's exactly it. And we're spoiled for options as it is. I have the technique ready," Midori says as the snakes around her arms flick their tongues out. "Let's apply pressure on both ends and do our best to seal them away."
"They're moving," Luna points out. I can see Hashirama and Tobirama advancing.
"An opening large enough to seal them won't be easy to create...but I can do it."
Midori looks at me with realization. "Lili, you shouldn't."
"The more time we waste, the more our advantage shrinks. And with that...there are more chances that we get hurt. If I have the power to end this quickly, I should make use of it."
"...alright. But don't go too far. Please."
"I promise I'll come out of this fine. Keep believing in me, as you have from the moment this started, Midori-nee!"
"Yes." She steels herself. "Focus your fire on Orochimaru. I'll engage the lords. Go!"
Midori tosses her staff into the air, and it disappears into a cloud of smoke. Enma returns to his normal size as a staff in the Hokage's hands. The five of us charge across the field, ANBU watching over us as silent guardians in the stands above.
Hashirama makes seals rapidly, sprouting a mass of trees and roots that surge towards us. Tobirama follows with a water technique, creating a massive wave of water that is meant to swallow us up.
"Not this time! Earth Wall!" the Hokage yells. He spits out a mass of earth that immediately forms into a high and strong wall, forcing the trees over and around it, and parting the incoming waters.
"Shikamaru!" I yell.
"I'm there!" He stops right at the edge of the wall's shadow and holds a seal. Everyone else advances at full speed. There isn't much time...we have to strike hard and fast in the given window. It will be my first time using that technique, but now's a good a time to experiment as any other...right?
Right.
Midori kicks off a branch and shoots right at Hashirama, parrying a punch while shoving her left hand through his chest.
"Secret Art...Night Viper Sealing."
The darkness of the seal spreads across Hashirama's body before forming into black snakes that wrap around him at every angle. He stops moving and falls to the ground immediately.
"Guh...!"
"Lord Sarutobi!" I call out. He's being pressured by Tobirama and is getting worn down...in his old age, that staff must be heavy. Luna accelerates ahead, dodging a mass of snakes as Orochimaru keeps her at a distance. He makes seals and a burst of wind appears at his back, threatening to blow Luna away.
It has to be now. Even if the cost is high.
I surge my chakra to the point where my body is shaking, the chakra mode pushed to its highest point as I call on it in a rush of electricity.
"Lili!" Luna cries out.
I draw two kunai before pushing chakra into my legs, tensing as lightning surges outwards. The longsword Kusanagi levitates in the air, and with his free hand Orochimaru sends it towards the Hokage as the latter fights off Tobirama.
"Dammit! Hiruzen!" Midori yells.
"White Snake...Sage Technique!" I yell. And in a violent flash, I move. "Jakyou Messenga!"
I move faster than I ever have before, in a torrent of destruction. A full speed, dynamic two armed slash as I encounter my target, ripping through him and to the other side as my arms come down in front of me. I slide to a stop on my heels, my breath leaving me and my chakra shroud disappearing.
"You...snot-nosed little bitch...!"
Maybe not enough to kill him...but more than enough to put an end to this madness. I turn to see that the sword has fallen well short of its target, and an explosion goes off that obliterates the left side of Tobirama's body as the Hokage falls back. It's enough...it's our win.
Midori dashes ahead and sweeps Tobirama off his remaining leg as he regenerates, then slams her right hand into his chest. The black snakes appear to bind his movement, and he goes still.
"I should have known you would have some sort of ridiculous seal," Orochimaru growls. "Damn you..."
"That's just how it is," Midori says. We group together, the five of us surrounding Orochimaru. He bears the X-shaped cuts from my last attack, and though I feel weakened from the heavy use of chakra, I can still move around. Luna takes a stance, her twin knives crossed together above her head. Shikamaru is ready to use his family jutsu. Midori stands with her arms crossed, and the Hokage catches his breath with Enma back in his true form at his side.
"It would be nice if you surrendered," Luna says. "But if not, you shouldn't worry. I have plenty of experience taking out garbage already..."
"Hilarious," Orochimaru says smugly. "What a funny joke. Why not look around you...while you were busy dealing with me, chaos has spread across the village. The Leaf is crumbling. With my soldiers from the Hidden Sound, and those from the Hidden Sand, I've already etched my mark here. And I'm not going to leave without the ultimate prize...I'm going to take the old man's life, and there's not a thing any of you can do about it."
"If he wants to die so badly, then we'll let him have it!" Enma yells. "Like I keep saying, we should have killed him a long time ago. Let's correct that mistake, here and now!"
"I've resolved to put an end to this by any means," the Hokage says. "Your crimes cannot be forgiven, Orochimaru."
"Oh? You think you're justice? How cute. As long as I still stand, I'll gain the upper hand on you, old timer. Perhaps not at this moment, but soon..."
What can he do in this situation? The best move would be to retreat and fight another day...that was what he must have done the last time he and the Third clashed. It must have been hard to strike down his former student, even if...
But he has a point. The longer we're here, the more damage might be done to the village. Is it worth that?
"The village will be fine. We can rebuild the buildings...letting you go, though. That would be a big mistake. Sorry, but even if it a pain to choke the life out of you, I'm ready to do it on command," Shikamaru says. A fine answer, and the one that I will go with myself.
"I'd rather not soil my hands with your filthy blood," Midori says. "But this is a good excuse to get rid of you once and for all, Orochimaru. Not just you, either..."
"?" What does she mean by that?
"I know you've been waiting for an excuse to call him out. He's tough to handle, isn't he? But it's perfectly fine if you do it, and allow us to settle every score at once."
"Him?" the Hokage asks.
"The one known as the strongest colossal snake," Aoko says from my left arm.
"The great menace!" Crim shouts from around my right arm. "Manda!"
Orochimaru smirks at that. "Kukukuku...so you understand, then. The old emnity between you both, I know of it. I'm sure he'll be all too happy to swallow you up, little princess. And once you and your band of troublemakers are safely in his belly, I'll grant death to the denizens of Leaf as a bonus."
"I won't let you do such a thing," the Hokage says. "Your ambitions end here, Orochimaru!"
"Sorry for the wait, everyone!"
"?" A cloud of smoke forms, and someone appears out of it. It's a tall man in a red vest, with geta and wild, bushy white hair. A strange headband with horns poking out of it. And a pose that reminds me too much of Rock Lee. "Now that we've beaten back the invaders, it's time! Mount Myoboku's one and only, the incredible, stupendous, magnificent Toad Hermit, Jiraiya!"
"An endless parade of idiots," Orochimaru says. "And the ringleader finally appears."
"Hah! You've got the same bad attitude as always, Orochimaru. I'm putting an end to your reign of terror!"
"It seems you're the same as ever, Jiraiya," Midori says. Jiraiya breaks his silly pose and takes note of my sister.
"Oh, so you're responsible for this mess," he says with a smile. "I figured sensei wasn't going it alone...and I mean help that's so easy on the eyes is a blessing in itself." He makes 'observations' of Luna while she's focused on keeping the snake man in place, to say nothing of his ogling of Midori. An open pervert, then...?
"We're going to get rid of this guy, since he's clearly not going to come along quietly. Mind helping? The next phase is about to begin, even if he doesn't want to admit it," Midori says.
"You gonna finally take me up on my offer?" he asks.
Midori smiles. "It's the same answer as always. I must decline."
He sighs. "Well, always worth another shot, right? Okay, let's get into it...I've got things I need to make up for myself, when it comes to this fellow..."
Orochimaru has caused everyone trouble, it seems. This may very well be the only solution, the only thing that's fair. Death for every crime that he's committed.
We have to end this here.
There's a tension as Shikamaru starts to extend his shadow towards Orochimaru. If we can seal his movements quickly enough...but I remember what was said just now.
"Shikamaru."
He looks at me and I nod.
"You're all insane. Every single one of you," he says.
"It might be so," I reply. "But being ordinary doesn't save the day...does it?"
"..." He drops his hands and sighs. "No. It never did."
We all jump back and huddle towards Jiraya. Orochimaru swiftly swipes his thumb through the wound on his chest while Jiraiya bites into his thumb. They rapidly weave seals. Their hands hit the ground at the same time, and they stare hatefully into each other as chakra builds.
"Summoning Jutsu!" they roar in unison.
And as we're covered by a massive cloud of multicoloured smoke, the next phase begins.


Chapter 43
Scarlet Justice - ep. 43"After Burner III"[Chuunin Exams: Crushing the Leaf 3]
We are currently high in the air, moving quickly towards the massive purple serpent ahead. It's carving through homes and buildings in the Leaf, causing chaos and destruction.
"We're taking this fight outside...let's drive him back!" Midori yells. "Chief!"
"Oi, got it! Gunshot!"
"Drilling Air Bullet!"
The giant red toad we're riding on fires a massive bullet of water from his mouth. Midori pushes it ahead with her own giant burst of wind, the two attacks combining and slamming into the colossal snake. It's lifted high into the air and lands well outside of the village walls before recovering.
Our ride lands in a clearing briefly.
"Shikamaru, this is where you leave us for now. Your chakra levels are on the low side, and I would rather not see you hurt. This next phase is going to be rough," Midori says.
"Couldn't agree more, ma'am."
"Thank you for your help. You've done more than you could realize at this moment."
"Probably...but it'd be nice if I never had to deal with this again. I'll round up some people to keep watch over the Hokage you've sealed."
"Much appreciated."
"Oi, Kobayashi...I know I complain about how vicious you are, and that you're a major pain..."
"..."
"Just...make sure you come back after this. Much as I hate to admit it, having you on my case all the time only feels right."
"I'll be back soon," I say to him. "You won't get rid of me that easily, slacker."
"Heh." He gives me a thumbs up before jumping off the giant toad and taking off back towards the stadium. I'm going to keep my promise to him, and to everyone else who is thinking of me.
"Let's get going. Manda won't be stunned for too long!" Midori says.
We're in the air again, leaping through the sky and over the village walls into the nearby forest. Orochimaru stands on top of his summon, with another masked figure beside him. They look like they're a member of ANBU...or, it has to be him.
"Kabuto," Jiraiya says. "Dangerous kid."
"I always thought it suspicious that he kept failing to advance in rank. It seems that it wasn't due to a lack of confidence after all," the Hokage says.
"What's going on here?" the giant toad we're riding on asks. "That bastard Manda's here all of a sudden...ah, I see. It's that Orochimaru brat up to his tricks again. Figures he'd go right after the Leaf eventually." Steam rises up from the pipe hanging out of his mouth. This must be the boss summon of the toads, and he does sound boss-like...like a yakuza leader, to be exact. He has a black jacket, a giant tanto at his side, and a scar over his left eye. Definitely a gangster of some sort. "What's more surprising is that I've got Little Midori ridin' on my head!"
"It's a long story, Chief. We're finally going to end him," Midori replies. "I know you don't like too many people riding on top of you."
"I'm assumin' it's all family here. I'm not totally unreasonable, ya know. Oi, Boss Enma! Been a while!"
"Glad to have you with us, Gamabunta! We're having roasted snake tonight!" Enma replies.
"Sounds good...but let's save a few pieces, yeah? I've been thinking about a new wallet, and this seems like the perfect opportunity..."
"You damned worms!" Manda roars from ahead of us. "Don't talk about me like I'm not here! Oi, Orochimaru! Make sure you get me at least two hundred sacrifices after this, you hear me? It's going to take a lot of effort to get rid of this fuckwit gangster toad and that bitch Midoriko at the same time!" He looks big enough to circle around the village, possibly. More than enough to wrap himself around this toad boss a few times over. I can see that he has piercing green eyes and black stripes running down his body in intervals. There are four horns on his head pointing backwards that give him the appearance of a dragon.
"I can make it three hundred...as long as she dies here," Orochimaru says. "Kabuto, I'll be relying on you."
"Understood. I'll get to work..."
"Empress, the time has come!" Aoko says.
"Empress! We are at your command!" Crim shouts.
"Both of you will be needed at Lili's side. Please follow her orders...I will bring victory to us soon. The evil will be defeated," Midori says.
"Ma'am!"
"Empress! At your will!"
They disappear in puffs of smoke to help me conserve energy. I need every bit I can get at this point.
"This is the perfect opportunity. Killing Manda here...I can change the kingdom, and the entire world like this." Midori looks more determined than I've ever seen her before. This means everything to her...so I'm going to give my all to make sure she succeeds, and that this is truly the last battle between her and that colossal serpent. But we can't lose focus.
"Midori-nee. We should forge ahead and delete our primary target," I say to her.
"Yes. You're right, thank you for that, Lili. Orochimaru needs to be defeated first...assume nothing and fight with all you have. Manda's presence will increase the difficulty of this battle greatly."
"Got it. We're here to back you up," Jiraiya says. "And now that we're outside the village, anything goes! Let's bring the pain down on these losers!"
"Time to go for broke!" Gamabunta says as he draws his blade.
"You're all dead meat," Manda growls. "But I'll do you last, Midoriko...I wanna enjoy your screams as I tear you apart."
"..." She doesn't respond, instead focusing on what she wants to do next. I'm personally wary of Kabuto...he was scared off from his original plan, but I have no idea of his abilities. That, and my own chakra is down quite a bit because of that sage technique from earlier. If I could use senjutsu chakra, it would have been less taxing and more powerful, according to what Midori told me when I was first learning it. But lightning chakra serves as a decent substitute, especially with the chakra mode boosting my movements.
"Old Man Hiruzen...you've given us quite a mess to clean up this time, eh."
"My apologies," the Hokage says to Gamabunta. "I know that my mistakes have created a perilous situation for too many..."
"Don't beat yourself up too much. When it comes to kids you love...it's hard to hurt 'em, even if they do the worst possible things. 'Sides, I know you taught him way better than this. Me an' the gang will set this right for you, so don't worry yourself."
"Thank you."
"Yep. If only 'coz Jiraiya asks, we'll stomp these guys flat and see that the Leaf gets to thrive for at least a hundred more years!"
"I'm heading for the trees," Midori announces. "Please carve out some time for me...I want to use the Sage Techniques. I said that we should hold nothing back, and I meant it."
"Alright, we can do that for you. I'm curious to see what that looks like anyways," Jiraiya says with a smile.
"Don't expect too much."
"Hey, if it's easy on the eyes-"
"Think you should get going, Princess," Gamabunta interrupts. "This guy's gonna be flattering you for hours at this rate, and we don't have that kinda time."
"I won't be long. Be safe..." Midori travels down Gamabunta's back before jumping into the trees nearby.
"Here we go! You kids on top, keep your balance! Jiraiya, Sarutobi! Give 'em some direction if you see an opening!" At that, we advance through the forest, jumping towards Manda. Gamabunta takes a swipe at Manda, who quickly dodges and slithers away.
This is a battle between giants, and I have a front row seat. Using chakra to keep my footing, I watch Manda's movements - for his size, he's incredibly fast and hard to lock onto. I do my best to observe, looking for any sort of information I can use to help out. Right now, I might be the biggest liability on this team. But I'm not going to let myself get frozen out by that fear. Manda moves to circle Gamabunta, tearing through the forest and flattening trees with his body like they're nothing.
"Bunta! Got your back!" Enma says as he jumps into the air. I watch as he becomes a giant staff, which the chief toad grabs from the air and uses to smack Manda away. Enma quickly transforms back and lands beside the Hokage again as Gamabunta takes off after Manda, blade drawn. We rumble over the trees as birds take flight from the disturbance. Wind is rushing by us, howling as we move at speed.
As the two giants clash again, Orochimaru seeks to take advantage by using a wind technique to attack us. The Hokage responds with a fireball, swallowing the other attack up and forcing Orochimaru to dodge. He's tiring, I can feel it...but for someone as old as he is, being able to keep up all of this time is impressive, even for shinobi. He really is a leader to be proud of in every aspect.
Gamabunta disengages and we reset, gaining some distance from Manda.
"I'm back." A voice calls to us from above, and I watch Midori practically float down towards us before landing.
"Sage Mode already? That was quick...looks like you're still the genius I remember," Jiraiya says. "Or is it that I'm just not that good at it myself...heh, who knows?"
She doesn't seem to have changed much...there's energy that I can feel flowing from her, and it's making her muscles a bit firmer as a result. And there's a violet colouring around her eyes. The most striking thing is the eyes themselves...they're crimson red, glowing in the light of day. This form of hers feels...formidable.
"Those eyes are pretty scary," Jiraiya comments.
"Yes...I think the red suits me, for many reasons," she replies quietly.
"No need to give yourself such a harsh assessment, eh?"
"We...should begin now. Orochimaru is definitely plotting on his side, so we need to get them down to a place where we can reach them."
"Got it," Jiraiya says with a nod, getting serious.
"Sarutobi, conserve your energy until we need you."
"Understood," he says.
"Lili, how much do you have left?" she asks me.
"I have enough, Midori-nee. Tell me what you need from me," I say eagerly.
"The fight is going to get more intense from here, and I want Chief as free to move as possible. You and Luna will need to get down to earth with Sarutobi. Jiraiya will keep a lookout for Orochimaru, and I know for a fact that he and Kabuto will be targeting the Hokage. He's not particularly interested in the fight between Manda and I. Keep your eyes open."
"Understood."
"Luna, I want you to be the first one to engage Kabuto. He's a tricky opponent, but your set of skills matches up with his nicely. Keep him busy, that's all I ask."
"Yes, milady."
Manda surges ahead for another strike as we finish talking. He moves his tail like a whip, tearing through the sound barrier with a loud crack as Gamabunta jumps and has us avoid it.
"Oraaaaa!"
"Chief, oil! Jiraiya, flames!" Midori calls out.
"Got it, Princess!"
"Yeah!"
Gamabunta spits out a high pressure stream of oil from his mouth, and Jiraiya breathes out a stream of flames to set it alight. Midori adds a stream of wind to enhance it even further, creating a wave of burning oil that covers the entire area in front of us.
"Sage Technique: Goemon!"
"Graaaah!" Manda roars as he's engulfed in the attack, the forest washed away in a sea of destruction. He falls to the ground with a loud thud, a sound like thunder pulsing through my ears. Midori sniffs at the air before clenching her fist as Gamabunta lands.
"There...he's mine." She jumps backwards and turns, just as the earth rumbles and Manda bursts upwards from it, directly behind us.
"Damn! Shed his skin!" Gamabunta yells.
"Time for you to go down!" Midori drives her fist into Manda's head, making it snap back from the vicious impact. Orochimaru and Kabuto are bucked off, falling towards the trees. Luna gives me a nod and we rush down Gamabunta's back, jumping off and to the ground safely. The Hokage follows us, carrying Enma in staff form, and Jiraiya eventually does too...I can only assume that he's located Orochimaru himself and is rushing to cut him off.
"It's been a long time since we've danced, Orochimaru. Hope you're still light on your feet," he quips.
"Jiraiya, be cautious," the Hokage warns.
"Hehe, better worry about yourself first, sensei. I'll be okay, I promise. You let those girls look after you, I'll take care of our serpent friend in the meantime. See you on the other side!"
The Toad Sannin takes off, leaving the three of us to move through the forest. We need to get away from the kaiju battle going on above us; it wouldn't be any good if we got boiled alive or stomped flat in the middle of the fight.
"There!" Luna moves ahead of us quickly and clashes with an unknown fighter, wrapped in a black cloak. They separate from each other, with her taking a stance in front of us while the other person removes their mask.
"I didn't expect this sort of resistance. Who might you be?" he asks before pushing his glasses up with two fingers.
"I assume you were expecting someone or something else," Luna replies calmly. "I have been sent here by Lady Midoriko on an important mission...to protect Lord Sarutobi with my life." She takes her stance again, standing with one foot slightly in front of the other, her two knives crossed above her head. "And I intend to complete that mission and return to her."
"I see. Well, allow me to introduce myself." Kabuto throws away his cloak, revealing the same outfit from the Chuunin Exams. He now wears a headband with a musical note etched into it, the symbol of the Hidden Sound. So this just confirms it, then. "My name is Kabuto Yakushi, and I'm Lord Orochimaru's right hand. I've spent quite a while in the Leaf, gathering information and making preparations for this historic day. I also have a mission that I intend to complete, so...I'm afraid that you'll have to be a sacrifice to that end. No hard feelings."
"None taken. My name is Lunamaria Daidouji. I serve my mistresses, Emi and Lilith Kobayashi. And I am the right hand of Lady Midoriko Ryuuchi, the rightful ruler of the serpent kingdom."
"Hoh...impressive. And of course we have the God of Shinobi himself, though he doesn't look terribly godlike at the moment," Kabuto says with a smile.
"It's very unfortunate that it's come to this, Kabuto."
"It is, isn't it? You really do have a kind heart, Lord Hokage. Explains why you couldn't kill off Lord Orochimaru so long ago. Of course, now it's come back to haunt you..."
"Hiruzen, you really gonna let this scrawny little brat talk to you like that?" Enma yells.
"He really doesn't want to say much. After all, I've lived a hard life myself. And of course, to round out our little band...an exhausted genin by the name of Lilith Kobayashi. The Leaf's Scarlet Viper, isn't that right? You really should have gone home, because you're nothing in this fight between S-Class shinobi."
I say nothing and keep my focus. I know my place and have no delusions about my current capabilities. I simply have to keep my nerve so that I can make a difference.
"I would appreciate if it you stopped antagonizing my mistress," Luna says firmly. "I am quite unpleasant when I get angry..."
"Oh? Well, let's see about that. I'll just get around you and slaughter the old man and your precious little princess. Then we can see how angry you'll really get."
"Miss Lilith, Lord Sarutobi. Please get to a safe place. I'll hold down this boy until Lady Midoriko returns."
"Lord Hokage, let's do as she says," I say to him.
"Yes. Miss Daidouji, please be careful."
"Of course, my lord. I will see you soon. Miss Lilith, until the next," she says without turning.
"Until the next, Luna." The Hokage and I take off through the trees. Luna really is strong...to perform a dance like this for Midori, for me, and for this village. I didn't need more reasons to love her, but this is something that I will forever be thankful for.
"I suspect if I ask her to become a kunoichi, she will decline," the Hokage says to me with a smile.
"Yes. She feels that it would be wrong to devote herself to anything else more than me. Aside from that...she doesn't have much energy after her adventures with Midori-nee."
"Adventures?" He blinks once before chuckling. "Ah, I see."
"Kid, that's something I really think you shouldn't be aware of," Enma comments.
"You can blame my father for that. It's thanks to him that I have such an unhealthy knowledge of the female body."
"What, did he leave the door unlocked?"
I snort at that. "Where we traveled, there were no such doors to lock while depravity took place...it's an unfortunately long story to talk about. Not good conversation in public."
"I'll bet...damn. Sorry that you had such a messed up life, kiddo," Enma says to me.
"Thank you for that. But I've come out a stronger person...perhaps a bit depraved as a result, but stronger all the same. My journey continues." I flick my tongue out and use my tracking technique to get a better picture of the battlefield. Midori's strength is incredible and pushes against my senses; I can feel that her chakra signature has changed considerably as a result of her transformation. She seems to be doing well against Manda, an enemy many times her size. Many times, she's mentioned the teachings of the White Snake Sage to me. Many times, she's talked about bringing me to the point where I could make that power my own. Could I really do something like that? I've grown a lot since coming to the village, but...Midori is one of a kind, supremely talented and more intelligent than I am. She's worked hard her whole life to get to this point. Someone like me...could I really do that? Become like her?
The more I think about it, the stranger it seems. When I reach out to sense her strength, I feel like I'm swallowed up in an endless space. So much distance between us. And yet...I don't feel afraid. I don't feel anger, or jealousy. I don't feel like I'm nothing next to her, even though I probably should. It feels...like looking up at a shining star in the sky, I think. Wanting to reach out and touch it, but knowing that you're so far away it might as well be impossible. Something beautiful, to be admired and cherished. If I never reach that height, I will still be happy. I will still be a person, someone with their own worth and dreams to chase. But even so...if my Midori says that I can reach that height, that I can join her as a star shining brightly in the sky, then I will give myself to making it there. More than anything, I want to stand beside her...and see the world that she sees.
"Something's coming."
The Hokage's voice brings me out of my thoughts. I check my surroundings and note that Jiraiya is still some distance away, occupied with a set of enemies that must be summoned serpents. Luna and Kabuto are still fighting, which means...
"Orochimaru," I mutter. "Not in much state to take him head on..." He's moving around, possibly underground. I can just barely sense him as it is.
"We'll head back towards Jiraiya. Remain focused," the old man says to me.
"Understood." We move in a wide circle, back the way we came. That presence is following us steadily and hasn't slowed a bit. Where is Jiraiya...?
"I don't like the feel of this!" Enma says. The Hokage is tiring ever so slightly from what I can see. We can't run around forever...I didn't pack extra equipment for the day, thinking I wouldn't have use for it...
"Is this what we've been reduced to? Such a shame."
I growl as we're forced to a stop. Orochimaru emerges from the inside of a tree just ahead, and immediately draws Kusanagi from his mouth.
"Lilith! Go and find Jiraiya, I'll hold him!"
"Like hell, old man...you don't have the energy to fight him alone, and Kabuto is looking for an excuse to distract Luna so he can jump in. His psychological warfare was just to throw us off. He doesn't want anything to do with me," I snap back. "I'm staying here like I promised."
"The kid's right, Hiruzen. You're not doing so hot after earlier, you took a few hits and your chakra's on the low side. We need to work together if we're gonna survive this," Enma argues.
"No! This isn't right...no matter how talented, I can't have a child of mine sacrifice herself in my place. You've done enough, Lilith. Orochimaru is a deadly opponent."
"I'm not leaving, sir."
"Please, there's no need to argue...I can kill both of you at once," Orochimaru says as he charges. He weaves seals and summons a large snake that charges us both.
"No good!" I make my own seals rapidly and gather chakra into my mouth. "False Darkness!"
The spear of lightning leaves my mouth just as the snake whips its tail at me. I feel myself flying as the summon is immediately dispersed, leaving the old man and Orochimaru alone. I hit the ground hard and force myself to roll back into position.
"Shit..." I'm weakening by the second. There's not much left I can do...
"I'm impressed you can still keep up, sensei! But it's only a matter of time!"
"Ugh...!"
"Hiruzen, hang in there!"
The earth is rumbling beneath my feet, over and over again. I summon a snake through my sleeve and mentally send him out to find Jiraiya. Hopefully he's not too tied up and can come right away. We're in a bind.
I take a deep breath in and steady myself before charging into the fray once more, and-
"!"
I'm suddenly assaulted by violent vibrations and a deafening sound, coming from the sky above my head. Everything is disoriented and I fall to one knee, struggling to keep everything together. So much pain...what's going on?
"That ruthless bitch...! She used it!" Orochimaru yells.
Is this one of Midori's techniques? It must be because of Manda. She was setting something up, but...I can't move right now and everything hurts. This isn't good. But even that trash Orochimaru is affected, which means that he's still human enough to be killed like the rest of us. There's a rumbling before silence takes over, and I feel my body starting to free itself.
"Hiruzen! Get it together!" Enma calls out.
"Ten years younger...and you might have been able to make me sweat a little," Orochimaru says as he regains control of his body. The sound ripping through the air is finally dying down. "But too bad for you. Enjoy your trip to the next world!"
I move my feet and stumble before taking off as fast as I can go. Orochimaru is charging the Hokage as he stands helplessly. Enma transforms back to his normal state and engages, only to be met with a mass of snakes. Orochimaru extends his head rapidly towards the old man.
"Die!"
Just one more! Push!
"Gah...!"
I throw myself into a body flicker tp knock the Hokage out of the way, and Orochimaru's fangs sink themselves into my shoulder before quickly releasing. My body tumbles to the ground, and I feel even weaker than before...
"Lilith!"
"Kid!"
"Ugh...can't..." My body is...reacting to something. Everything is hurting again. "I'm...I'm poisoned..."
"What?" the Hokage yells. He turns to Orochimaru wearing an expression of pure rage. I stifle my hurt as much as I can, and force myself to my feet.
"Look at that. And you said you wouldn't let that shitty brat of yours get hurt. So much for that," Orochimaru says with a laugh.
"I'll be okay...this poison is nothing," I say with a strained voice. "Should be able to neutralize it soon, maybe..."
"Good luck with that. I made it myself, so it's sure to be something nasty."
"You...were going to kill the old man...with that, then. Gross...fucking disgusting. Coward," I spit, forcing my eyes open.
"You really are something, little miss firebrand. I should take you home with me...although, you're going to die here. So tragic." He crosses his arms and pretends to think. "But...we could strike a deal."
"A...deal. Fuck off," I say through heavy breaths.
"The old man's life in exchange for an antidote. How about it? Once in a lifetime offer, hehehe."
"..."
"You really are damned soft, Hiruzen! You're actually giving this thought?!" Enma yells.
"I have lived a long, full life. And my duty as Hokage is to protect the village. Every life in the Leaf is precious, and irreplaceable," he replies.
"That includes yours...you old idiot...!" I cough and drop to one knee.
"Orochimaru...if you have the antidote, then produce it. Only then will I step forward, and give you what you desire."
"Hiruzen! Stop it!" Enma yells. "It's the two of us against him, we can-"
"No. I don't have the strength any longer to fight. I'll only be a liability, and I don't want you lost as well, Enma. Outside of your staff form, Kusanagi is as deadly as anything else."
"Damn it all...!"
"I can hold up my end of the deal for you just fine. Here," Orochimaru says as he produces a vial from one of his sleeves. "Just as you wanted to see. In fact, I'll do you one better, sensei. You can have it up front, because I'm such a nice fellow."
The haze over me is thickening, but I've been looking for a way out of this the entire time. It's hard to stay focused...Jiraiya is occupied with something, and Luna is still fighting...Midori is some distance away, and her chakra has shifted rapidly again...something is happening with Manda, also, though I really can't tell what. I can feel...the earth changing, shifting violently where Midori is because of the chakra saturating the atmosphere. Enma and Orochimaru can sense it too.
"What the hell?" Enma mutters. "Is that...Princess Ryuuchi?! Ye gods, where's she getting all of that power from?! I've never sensed that sort of output from a Sage before!"
"Manda...is..." Orochimaru frowns. "Good riddance. Those bodies will be better put to use as part of experiments from now on."
I don't know what he's talking about, but I can see something clearly. His hands, moreso his fingers...they keep moving. They would look like flamboyant gestures to most, but those movements...they don't make sense for some reason...
He tosses the vial to the Hokage, who catches it and inspects it.
"It seems like the real deal."
"Of course. I might not be your closest friend right now, but I do have my honour to consider," Orochimaru says smugly. "Now...you'll fulfill your end of the bargain."
"He's not going anywhere!" Enma roars.
"Oh, don't worry...you don't have to move a muscle. I'll take care of everything before you can blink! Sayonara, Sarutobi-sensei...I win!"
I remember where I saw that gesture before, with his right hand. That longsword...!
"To my aid...!" My body is on fire. I have to stay conscious...just a moment longer! Please! "Chaotic Movement!"
"FLOW!"
I force the chakra mode on and boost my movement, thrusting my arm forward as Crim wraps his tail around it. He extends forward and grabs Orochimaru by the front of his shirt, then pulls and sends him flying past the Hokage.
"!"
"Lord Enma! Guard!" I scream.
"Adamantine Wall!"
He forms himself into a lattice wall, cloned many times over. Orochimaru jams his feet into the dirt and contorts his body into an S shape to dodge the longsword that he called for, letting it slam into the wall ahead. I hear Enma roar out in pain before the wall disperses in a cloud of smoke, sending the monkey to his knees. The sword spins briefly in the air before being caught by a wrinkled hand.
"You foxy little wench...when I get my hands on you...!"
"Earth Release: Swamp of the Underworld!"
"What...?!"
Orochimaru suddenly is stuck in mud that appears beneath him, binding his movements. It smells heavily of chakra.
"Jiraiya, you bastard-"
"This is where...it all ends. For good, this time..."
My...vision is failing. I really am done. Nothing left to give...
But I can see it. I can see, very clearly, the ending to this strife. Hiruzen Sarutobi has taken the longsword Kusanagi into his hands. He uses his chakra to body flicker forward.
And with a roar that would shake the heavens themselves...
...he plunges the blade through his former student's heart.
I close my eyes, and everything fades away. Light...sound...feeling.
We really did make it after all...didn't we. Further than we could have ever imagined. Better than we could have ever hoped.
And this story...our story...is just beginning.


Chapter 44
Scarlet Justice - ep. 44"Ad Astra"[Chuunin Exams: Conclusion]

I had a lot of dreams as a child. Back when I was very young. My mother gave me the power to dream. She gave me that power often.

I remember the night she left me. That night when she promised to make me breakfast for the first time in a month. There was so much regret coursing through her that I could feel it the moment I woke up, from that strange and formless sleep. I remember my hands wrapped in hers. I remember her breathing.

She must have thought it a betrayal. Even after trying so hard, giving everything she could...she still hurt at the thought of hurting me, even slightly.

Something else...forced down, with that memory. A pulsing sort of...rage. But I can't recall what for. Or perhaps...I do know. And I simply chose to forget. I want to be strong enough to remember, one day. For her, my mother. The heroine I admired more than anyone else in the world.

The woman who changed me from a demon into a sweet, heavenly blossom.

A woman named Caroline.

"Is it...over?"

I awaken from my memory and see the sky, clouds roaming freely through it. I lie on my back, underneath warm sheets in the middle of the Leaf Forest. The smell of burning wood and foliage from a tsunami of hot oil. Fresh earth, turned over in the midst of battle. Tobacco smoke from a giant pipe. Sweet perfumes from my sisters.

"Miss Lilith...you're awake. Thank heaven..." Luna gently pulls me into a hug, and I hug back. She's only slightly wounded from what I can tell, and that Kabuto seemed like a strong opponent. My body is still very weak and still recovering, both from the exhaustion of chakra and the earlier poison.

"Antidote...you used it?" I ask weakly. I want to stand, but it's so hard at the moment.

"I used some of what was in the vial to synthesize my own," another voice says. Midori gets to her knees and hugs me tightly, making sure not to squeeze too much. I feel her stroke my head like always, and her warmth is soothing especially in this time. She eventually lets me go and looks at me. Her eyes are back to their gold colour, and her green hair is a little messy.

There's also...a heavy smell of blood.

"Synthesis...that too, then. You really can do anything. A true genius," I say quietly.

"Perhaps so, but I couldn't do anything without you. Any of you. Lord Enma told me about everything you did, Lili. There aren't any words or gestures that would express how proud of you I am. I brought you along because I believed that you could make a difference, but...you went so far beyond that. Every time I look at you, you shoot past every expectation I have of you. Becoming this strong, becoming this brave...those things don't come from your bloodline or your family. They come from a heart filled with heaven's blessings."

"Midori-nee..."

"You helped us change the future, Lili. I'll be forever grateful for that..."

"So...the colossal snake is gone?" I ask.

"Yes. Manda is dead. And soon, I will take my rightful place as the daughter of heaven, leading her kingdom to honour and glory. A strength that will bring the kingdom of serpents into the future at lightning speed. Manda, who lorded over his subjects violently, and sent me to ruin for his amusement...and Orochimaru, his enabler, a man who conducted horrific experiments on humans and snakes alike so that he could collect jutsu. Both gone. But that's a story for another time."

"Might be..." I look around to see what's happened. Orochimaru is lying on the ground, well and truly dead like I saw before I passed out. Jiraiya stands over him sombrely. The Third Hokage sits at the base of a tree nearby, his head down and the bloodstained Kusanagi in one hand. I can faintly hear him sniffling.

His own student. The one with the sharp mind and great potential. Someone who could have become Hokage, a successor, in a better world. Hiruzen Sarutobi blames himself. For this saga, for the ones before, for Orochimaru becoming the monster he was, hurting so many people and ruining so many lives. That it had come to this hurt. That he had to strike the final blow hurt even more.

This old man who was willing to sacrifice his life for me. How could I look down on him? How could I do more than scold him for his foolishness, before smiling and praising him for every good thing he's done?

"Lili, you shouldn't move..."

"I know. But...you admired this stubborn spirit of mine," I reply to Midori. She shakes her head and smiles.

"Here, kid. I'll help you to him." I feel a pair of powerful arms lift me up, putting me onto broad shoulders. My hands grasp a head of unruly white hair, and we move. I touch the bandage around my bare shoulder and it still feels a bit tender. Probably the poison's work.

"Tell me your name, Red."

"Lilith Kobayashi, the Scarlet Viper of the Hidden Leaf. Lili is perfectly fine."

"That much I figured out, but it's always nice to have a bit of confirmation," Enma says. "Lili sounds good, then. You can call me by name from now on, got it?"

"It's fine if I call you Uncle? I want to sound a little formal sometimes."

"Hahaha! Whatever you want, kiddo. Listen, there's something you need to hear from me."

"What is it?" I ask.

"What you did today took a lot of guts. More than most men in history could ever pull together on their best days, with the blessings of heaven behind them. Only ones I can think of with more guts in 'em are the Leaf's founders."

"Hashirama and...Madara."

"Got it in one. You did a good thing here today. Put yourself on the line for that old man, as stubborn as he is. Dunno what we would have done without you."

"Hm. I'm sure you could have figured out something," I say as we come to a stop. The Hokage is still sitting quietly ahead of us.

"Really doubt that. It's no wonder that Princess took you on as her little sister. Keep working hard and you'll be on her level in no time. I'm sure she thinks that much every time she sees you. But most importantly, I want you to keep an eye out for this old fool. He could live a hundred more years if he just takes care of himself and stops being such an idiot. Good kids like you will help him move forward day by day."

"Was I really...that much of a help?"

"You were. I'm not saying all this stuff just to pump up your ego. You saved us, Lili. You did real good. Remember that, and keep it close to your chest."

"I will, Uncle."

"Good." We continue our walk towards the old man, and Enma sets me down gently.

"..."

There's nothing I can really say to make things better. I can't pretend to understand the sort of pain that came out of this conflict. I seat myself slowly beside him, and lean into his side. I put his left arm over my shoulders and rest quietly.

"Hiruzen. I'm gonna be on my way back now."

"Of course," he says weakly. "Enma...thank you for standing by me."

"Like I would ever leave you blowing in the wind. We've known each other too long, and you've done too much for the world. You might have screwed up, but it wasn't some sort of unfathomable thing. I just get on your back to keep you focused."

"I know. You've been a great friend to me."

"Like you've been to me, old partner. Take as long as you need to recover, got it? I'll be seeing you soon...we haven't had tea together in a while, you know."

"Right."

"Lili, if you need anything or run into any trouble, just call on me. Most times mentioning my name is enough, but some of these young goons have no respect these days. Just remember that, alright?"

"Yes. Thank you."

He nods before disappearing in a cloud of smoke. I sit quietly with the Hokage, listening to his breathing. It's calmed considerably from before, though I can tell he's still very heavy after killing Orochimaru. It's something he wished he could have changed, but...understood it had to be done anyways. That's why he gathered his resolve.

"Kabuto has been captured," he says to me.

"I figured as much."

"Midoriko came to help after I...stopped Orochimaru. I believe it was her doing. She's really done well to help out, even if this was never truly her problem."

"Maybe so, but she wanted to protect you from the start. The same as I did," I say to him. "Old man...how do you know her?"

"We met a very long time ago. She lived just outside of the village with a husband and wife who traveled in every day for work. Actually...if my memory isn't too hazy, we met her before that time."

"Who do you mean by we?" I ask.

"Lord Hashirama and Lord Tobirama. They were my mentors...then after Lord Hashirama passed on, Lord Tobirama took me under his wing completely. He sacrificed himself as well, but...not before passing the mantle down to me."

"I see. So you're well acquainted with her. She gets stubborn when it comes to her attachments sometimes."

"She disappeared suddenly one day, and never returned...around the same time her guardians stopped coming into town. It was later that we found out they were kidnapped...most likely someone from the serpent kingdom, seeking to eliminate any possible threat to Manda's reign. Those two were loyal to the end, as they sent her off beforehand and refused to give her position away...so they were killed for that."

"Midori-nee lived a harsh life." I think on it for a moment. "But she got her revenge. Justice for those souls who have her reason to live on, and become as strong as she possibly could be. Today was good for that reason alone."

"I see."

"Of course, saving you was great, too. It would be terrible to have to hold a funeral in your honour so soon. You're still young and spry, no matter what nonsense you might spew."

"Heh...you really do have a sharp tongue at times, Lili."

"Maybe so. It could be the poison messing with my head, or some foolishness like that I can use as a scapegoat. But between me and you, this is how I really think. I got angry when I saw you getting ready to die...for someone like me."

"When I said each life was irreplaceable, I meant it. And yours is especially precious, Lili."

"What, because you think I could be Hokage one day?"

"Without a doubt."

"Right. I don't want something like that."

"I know."

I tilt my head to look up at him. "Did you?"

"Yes. I know what plans I have for you...something beyond that. A sort of burden that only someone like you could carry faithfully and reliably."

"That's good to hear, then. I want to push Naruto forward."

He chuckles. "To think you would care so deeply for him...I'm happy to see it. More than that, I'm happy that it's you who encourages him and gives him affection. I don't think it's something I could do."

"Because I'm a woman."

"It sounds old-fashioned..."

"It does, yes. But it's also the truth. I have knowledge of things as a woman that you don't, and it's just like you to notice that. Little wonder the people of the village love you so much. So you see? There was no way I could let you trade your life for mine like that."

"I suppose you have a point."

"I usually do." I hear footsteps coming closer and see that the remaining members of our group have gathered around. Kabuto is bound and unconscious, draped over Jiraiya's shoulder. Midori and Luna look tired, but otherwise okay.

"Midoriko...I think you should have this." The old man...Hiruzen lifts the sword up and Midori takes it from him.

"You're sure, now. This is quite a powerful item."

"It is. But I figure that you would have a better use for it, for many reasons. Also, consider it a small payment for your help today."

"As if I would need something like that from you. But I'll accept it anyways, just because it's your wish. There's already a use for it on my mind." Midori takes the longsword, and Luna is already waiting with a sealing scroll. The weapon is sealed up, and the scroll vanishes with a snap of Midori's fingers. "The blood will be useful for research on its own...nothing wasted, as it should be. Speaking of that...I have to deal with Manda. I might just be taking the head and other relevant parts. Sarutobi, you can have a celebration with the left over meat." She gives us an evil-looking smile. "The ultimate irony. A colossal snake who loved to eat humans, becoming the centre of the greatest feast in history with his body as sustenance. The heavenly comedy continues."

"Lady Midoriko...that's a bit much, isn't it..."

"I really hated that bastard. Killing him personally might not be enough, given what he's put me through," she says to Luna. "But I won't be partaking in that sort of thing. The thought of any part of him inside of me..." She makes a face and sticks out her tongue. "The worst. You can pick up a nice wallet for me later, Luna. That sounds good."

"Yes, milady. Perhaps shoes and a belt as well?"

"Ooh. See, there's one more reason I love you so much. Besides the obvious, hmhm."

"You really are too much sometimes, Midori-nee."

"Oi. Scolding me in that state...you really shouldn't be going to and fro," she says to me. "I bet you can barely move."

"It's comfortable here, either way. I'd rather monopolize your bosom though, as always."

"Now who's too much?" she asks.

"It's still you."

"I figure we should get ourselves back to the village and see what's going on," Jiraiya interrupts. "The banter's not too bad, but..."

"You should be good for time," Gamabunta calls from above us. The earth shakes with his steps as he nears. "From what I can see, things are dying down in the village. Worst of the fighting might be over."

"We still have other things to take care of anyways," Midori says. "Sarutobi, do you need more time? We can always check on the Leaf and then come back."

"No...I think I've rested long enough. There will always be time to ruminate on the past..."

"Do you mean it? You don't have to act in front of us," Midori says gently, kneeling in the dirt. "If you need just a bit more time to grieve, we're all here for you."

"She's right," Jiraiya says. "And I can always store the body somewhere until your docs are ready for it. Sensei, take it easy if you need to."

"..." Hiruzen looks to me and I simply nod. He helps me up and onto his back, holding me securely. "It's fine. Let's make our preparations and head back to the Leaf. I'm sure that there are enough people worried about me already."

"Roger."

I wrap my arms around his neck and we go high into the air, landing on top of Gamabunta's head.

"Welcome back, kid."

"Thank you, Chief Bunta," I say to him.

"Hehe. One of the other's fine if you want. It's Lili, right?"

"Yes, sir. Lili is just fine."

"Good. You know, you remind me of this young punk Jiraiya is training...got a mouth on him, and a lot of guts to boot."

"Young punk...ah," I say with realization. "You mean Naruto."

"You'd know of him," Jiraiya says as he lands beside us. "Orochimaru's on his way to the village via toad. Midori and Luna are going to take care of Manda. Dunno what the hell she did, but he's diced up like sushi..."

"You're kidding," Hiruzen says.

"No joke. Can't imagine how much energy she had to put out to do something like that, but it's done. She's a hell of a gal. It's just too bad, you know?"

"Oh, here we go again," Bunta complains. "Jiraiya, just let it go."

"How the hell can I? Someone that beautiful, that stunning...and she's into girls! Exclusively! It's unfair! Hrm..." He taps his chin. "Well, hopefully she won't mind if-"

"If you've got designs on Luna, you can guess the next bit of bad news," I say to him. He stares at me before his jaw drops.

"Her too?! What? Oh, come on...next you're going to tell me that they're lovers!"

I give him a smug smirk and he scratches at his head with his free hand frantically.

"Gaaaah! No way, no way!"

"Gahahahaha! Tough luck, kid!" Bunta laughs.

"Shut up! Damn giant toad..." He sighs, defeated, before perking up a moment later and looking at me. "Right, so how do you know Naruto?"

"We were classmates, specifically the same rookie class of this year. We became good friends during our time in the Academy. I didn't think much of him at first, but...he has a way of drawing people to him once he gets close enough."

"Yeah, he's got that sort of mysterious strength about him. Well, I'm sure you'll grow up to be a fine young lady-"

"That sounds seriously gross-"

"Bunta, shut up. I'm not proposing to her. Look, I just think Naruto needs a stabilizing influence in his life, and why shouldn't it be a cute young girl?"

"We're already fairly close," I say.

"Oh? How close?"

"I really like him."

"Hmm..."

"..." I decide to leave it where it is. "But as far as relationships go...I don't think something serious between us would work out. For many reasons, including the fact that someone I care for has feelings for him."

"You mean Sakura?"

"No. I'm sure you'll figure it out."

He shakes his head. "You modern girls are really aggressive, you know that? Between you and her, it's no wonder so many of you are single..."

"She has many reasons why she hasn't married, Jiraiya. I'm sure you know that much," Hiruzen says.

"Yeah, yeah..."

"Kid's just pissed she rejected him so often."

"Told you to shut up, Bunta..." I can tell that it's not a lie. I wonder who this woman is.

"Okay, we should be done." Midori lands behind us, Luna following. "The necessary components are stored...I just have to lay low for a week or two while the kingdom makes its preparations. Sana and Sanae are standing by...and those two know how to get work done. Chief, please take us home to the Leaf."

"Got it. Let's get you kids over there." I feel us rising into the air, in the same manner as always. The sun is shining, and it's warm out today. I had almost forgotten.

The old man's back is warm.

We take a few more hops and make it back to the stadium, where everyone is let off.

"You guys need anything else?" Bunta asks.

"Nope, it's like you said...things are winding down in the Leaf. We'll be good from here," Jiraiya answers.

"Chief, your help was much appreciated. I'll make it up to you one day," Midori says.

"Take your time with that, Midori. It was worth it, having that loser Manda bite the dust finally. He's been a menace to a lot of us. You'd think the old fossil would get out of her cave once in a while..."

"Baa-sama is...she has her reasons for letting things happen," Midori replies. "Not that I necessarily agree with all of them, but at the least she endorsed my actions when it came to clearing out the trash."

"That so? Guess I can revise my opinions on her, then...maybe a little. Anyways, I'm outta here. A good bath and some sake will do the trick. Lili, just call me up if you need to squash any punks, yeah? And take care of that scamp Naruto for me."

"He's family now, is he?" I ask.

"Damn right."

"Then consider it done, Chief. We have our own bond that I've sworn to protect."

"Good on ya, missy. See ya."

Bunta disappears in a massive cloud of smoke. From what I can sense around me...the battle really is just about over.

"We're going on ahead. Sensei, showing your face would be a really big boost to morale," Jiraya says. "And we want to dump our friend Kabuto off at Interrogation...heh, Ibiki is gonna have some fun with this guy, let me tell you."

"Agreed," Hiruzen says. "Lili, Midoriko, Luna...when everything is dealt with, please meet me at the office. Young Shikamaru will be there with you. I have something important that I would like to convey."

"Understood, sir," I say to him. He lets me down and I have enough strength now to walk on my own. After patting my head, he leaves after Jiraiya as they take off through the village.

"I think it would be prudent to check on Mistress Emi," Luna says. "You shouldn't have too much use for me at the moment, and Lady Midoriko can relay everything to me later. Miss Lilith, are you sure you don't want to go to the hospital first?"

"I will after this, Luna. I simply want to see this all through..."

"I more than understand. Both of you, take care."

"Luna, a moment."

"Yes, ma'am. What is it-!"

Midori pulls Luna close and kisses her passionately. They're pressed against each other for a long moment before separating, breathing heavily.

"Just a sample of what you'll be getting later," Midori says with a smile. "And a small, small thank you for being the best lover in the universe. As I said...I couldn't do any of this without you."

"Y-yes. I'll be back soon, milady. Thank you...for that gift. For...every gift." Luna hurries her blushing self off to find my stepmother.

"Let's go ahead and free the lords," Midori says after a moment. "With our troublesome summoner gone, the problems from before should fix themselves."

"The slacker's done well," I say as I recognize the chakra signatures inside.

"Indeed." We walk inside and towards the battlefield, which bears the many scars of our earlier battle. It's an interesting scene as we approach the sealed lords.

"Aneki~! Lili~!" Anko waves from her spot on the ground. She has a few cans of juice in front of her, and what else but dango. Shikamaru is seated with Asuma, and they're both playing shogi to while away the time. Shino is here, with his father. The black haze covering the lords seems to be insects.

"Glad to see you safe," Midori says to her.

"Same to you! Lili, you don't look so hot," she says as she approaches.

"It's fine, Anko-nee. I'm going to the hospital after this...some poison and a little exhaustion. I can handle it."

"I understand. We all decided to stay put and watch over the bodies after we finished our assignments. Shikamaru there put out the call. Aneki...is everything over? I heard that you were taking him on."

"Yes. We defeated Orochimaru and Manda. It was your Sarutobi that delivered the final blow."

"Gramps...I see."

Midori places her hands gently on Anko's cheeks. "Those days are firmly in the past now, Anko. You are good enough...you always have been. Remember that from now on."

"Yes...thank you, Aneki." She smiles and lets her tears fall. "I always knew that I could trust you...thank you. Thank you for freeing me."

"Anything for you."

Anko wipes her tears and rubs at her neck. "Ah...the brand isn't gone, even with all of that. Seems there's more to it..."

"That means that Sasuke has the same experience," I say. It's unfortunate, but...hopefully without Orochimaru around, he won't be tempted any further. I hope he's okay, for Naruto's sake more than anything.

"The corpse is going to be researched," Midori says. "If there is a solution, it will be found."

"Hmm...well, there's one person who would figure something out for sure, but she's not in the village. You know who I'm talking about, Aneki?"

"Yes. The Slug Princess herself...it would be her, wouldn't it. It would be nice to see her again, but you should leave that to your Hokage. This sort of thing is no longer my concern. Gentlemen, if you would remove your insects, please."

The bugs are cleared away in short order. Midori kneels beside the Second Hokage's form and shoves her hand into his head. She seems to root around for a bit before pulling out the kunai with talisman and holding it in her hand. Tobirama starts to stir. She nods and goes over to the First Hokage, repeating the same process.

"H-ha...haha...tickles..."

"..." In the same manner, she removes the talisman from his head as well. Anko collects the kunai and puts them into one of her inside pockets for safekeeping.

"Will they be okay?" I ask.

"Perfectly fine," she replies. "See for yourself." Midori makes a seal and releases the bindings on both men, making the black snakes slither up towards her and disappear into her sleeves. The brothers rise to their feet and survey the damage around them.

"So it seems the summoner is no more...the control tags wouldn't be removed otherwise, based on his personality," Tobirama comments. "What was the outcome of the battle?"

"Victory, of course. Sarutobi delivered the decisive blow."

"I see. He must have shed tears over it."

"Yes. He did."

"I knew he would. Especially if what I heard is true, and that was one of his former students. Saru always wanted the best for everyone, to the point where he would willingly sacrifice himself without a second thought." Well, I know that much first hand now. "He was committed to peace, and to raising the next generation properly. He is strong, and he will recover from this soon."

"I feel the same," Midori says with a smile.

"Now that we've been freed from direct control, I can release Edo Tensei for good. The seals should be the same as last time, so...hm. Oi, Hashirama...where are you?"

"You're in a tight spot there," Hashirama says to Asuma. He's crouched down, watching the shogi match between master and student.

"Yeah, I was trying to avoid it completely, but this kid is good. I haven't won a match off him yet...if we were betting, I'd be flat broke by now," Asuma says while laughing.

"Hoh! A strategic genius! Keep up the good work, young man!"

"Well...it's gonna be a drag. But I'll do my best, sir," Shikamaru replies.

"That's the spirit!"

Even that damn slacker can't resist encouragement from the Founder. He really does have his good traits, then.

"The village has certainly blossomed since our time, then," Tobirama says. "Sarutobi has done a fine job...he's carried on the Will of Fire, even to this age."

"Did you doubt him?" Midori asks.

"Less him and more the circumstances. The world changes rapidly, and traditions fade. You should be intimate with that much, Midoriko."

"Mm. That much is true."

"Tobirama! I want to check out the village! It's probably grown a lot since our time, eh? I don't remember this place at all, you know?"

"Oi...we can't just go walking around like this! Think about it for a moment, brother. We're the first two Hokage...and we're dead."

"Oh. Yeah, you do have a point there."

Tobirama palms his face, while Midori and I stifle giggles.

"Got some fancy cloaks for ya, no charge!" Anko says with a grin. She produces two in black and hands them to the Hokage. "Least I could do for the men who created the Leaf, ya know!"

"Ooh! They're snug, too! Now we can be stealthy, right?" Hashirama says as he strikes a pose. "Can't wait to see how the Leaf looks. Oh...I should get over to Mito's place. And see Tsuna! I'm sure she'll get a kick out of this."

"There's a special place in the cemetery for Lady Mito," Asuma says as he stands. "As for Princess Tsunade...she's been away from the Leaf for a long while now, Lord Hashirama. Sorry about that."

"Heh, it's fine. She's definitely that type of person...I wonder how she looks nowadays. Ah, well. We should go, since we don't want to spend too much time as the living dead. Oh...Madara. Nothing's happened to him, has it?"

"Nothing that we know of," Midori says. "He must be in that place still, that only the three of you would know of..."

"Ah, that sounds about right. Well, let's begin our tour."

Midori pulls me into her arms again, and we travel across the village after bidding the others farewell. The Senju brothers remark on its increase in size and shape. They point out places that have stood for decades now, since the initial founding of the village. It actually wasn't terribly long ago...Hiruzen actually lived through all three of the world wars that engulfed the continent. It's little wonder he's such an advocate for peace. There are the stone faces that gained two new additions...that of the old man, and the Fourth Hokage.

"So that man made use of Hiraishin as well...? Interesting," Tobirama says.

"Very much so. A genius with few who could compare," Midori says, speaking of the man called Minato Namikaze. "And he had a son before he passed on..."

"..." The Fourth Hokage's legacy. So...there was more than one meaning behind that title.

That means I have to work harder to protect that boy, then. Especially if his father gave so much to protect him. His mother, though...Uzumaki? That must be her family name. I wonder who she was. Midori sounds happy when she speaks of Minato. He sounds like a good person with a kind heart, just as I've read in the stories and history archives. And that spirit has been passed on to Naruto. Becoming Hokage, like his father before him...it might sound like favouritism at this point, but I don't care. I'm going to help him get there.

We reach the memorial of the woman mentioned - Mito Uzumaki. So she's part of Naruto's family, and the original first lady of the village proper. A small world we live in, to be sure. Her remains are certainly kept elsewhere, as the wife of the most powerful shinobi at the time...and the first jinchuuriki of the Nine-Tailed Fox. This is a lot to take in, so I think I'll leave it for later.

Hashirama grows a branch from the palm of his hand and blooms a flower on it. He snaps a piece off and sets the flower down on the shrine, which is well-kept after decades to the point of looking brand new. Then he clasps his hands in prayer for a moment before smiling.

"This is a good place. And it's great that I get to do this. Mito makes a habit of scolding me when we talk nowadays, so this should help me get on my good side, haha!"

"Brother...you're hopeless sometimes," Tobirama says, sighing.

"I just might be. I wouldn't get too far without your help, Tobirama. That and the assistance of everyone else."

"Your strength is what inspires the masses, and me. Don't sell yourself short all of a sudden."

"You're right about that...hm." He looks around. "The village has grown a lot, Tobirama."

"It has. It's brilliant, beyond our wildest imaginations. Even with this incident...justice has been done, and peace will prevail."

"After looking that memorials...I thought for a moment that I failed." Hashirama walks to another memorial and dusts it free of leaves before setting down another flower. "That maybe my dreams were too ambitious. That maybe...we fought and died, just to have everything end up the same as ever."

"Lord Hashirama?"

"Midori."

She puts her hand on his shoulder. "Please, don't fear any of that. You were a wonderful father to the Leaf. Your children praise you for your courage and sacrifice. This village...it's your wonderful dream, made reality. The leaves of this village will continue to dance. Believe in them."

The Founder straightens up and smiles. "Yes. I will."

We make our way over to the Hokage's Office, standing on the roof were Hiruzen and Shikamaru are already waiting.

"You should see it too, Shikamaru," I say as Midori lets me down. "So that something like this can never be used again in our sight."

"Giving me more responsibility already?"

"You should have expected as much," I say to him.

"Yeah. I'll burn this moment into my mind, Kobayashi."

I nod and turn to look at the others. The Hokage and the old lords are exchanging handshakes as Midori looks on. He's back in his formal dress, having grabbed another set of white robes and the hat with the fire character on it.

"Continue the good work, Saru," Tobirama says.

"And make sure you pick a successor!" Hashirama adds in. "You're getting old, and you need to be able to enjoy your retirement!"

"I'll give it some thought, definitely," he says with a laugh.

"We'll see you, hopefully quite a while from now, Sarutobi. Brother, are you ready?" Tobirama asks.

"Yes." They both hand their cloaks to Hiruzen. "Live well, all of you. Especially you brave princesses."

"Yes."

"We will."

Tobirama makes a sequence of seals that I record in my mind.

"Those are the seals that will make any caster release Edo Tensei. You can have them do it, or use...persuasive methods to achieve the same ends. And...heaven forbid...if you are a part of Edo Tensei yourself, these are the seals to release yourself from the caster's control," he says as he makes another set of seals. "Now we have control of ourselves entirely. And with that...we bid you farewell."

Tobriama makes the same set of seals as the first time, only pushing chakra through his system. It really has come to an end.

"Thank you for your kindness...all that time ago," Midori says. "I will never forget you brothers, and what you gave me."

The two men give her a smile as their spirits ascend, glowing brightly. In pillars of light, they disappear, leaving behind piles of ashes. Two bodies lay in the midst of them, pale and lifeless.

"Edo Tensei...requires living sacrifices," Midori says to us. "Orochimaru...this was how far he went to satisfy his whims."

"Those two...from the tournament," I say quietly. "Zaku Abumi...and Dosu Kinuta. The people who followed him and his dream, who were loyal to him to the end...he sacrificed them without a second thought after they became useless to him. They were enemies...but...it's so cruel. So incredibly cruel."

"Lili..."

"I will never become that," I say as I find the strength to clench my fists. "I will...never become scum like that. I would rather die..."

"Yeah. I feel the same way, Kobayashi. That's lower than trash. Unforgivable," Shikamaru says from beside me.

"Sarutobi...look at the children you have raised. You have done well, God of Shinobi. Your mistakes of the past, your failures...they are nothing compared to what you have brought into being. The goodness, the wonderful things that make the Leaf what it is. You are responsible for them. Look here," Midori says as she stands behind us, putting her hands on our shoulders.

I see the old man look at us.

"Rejoice in these children, and place the future in their hands. Not because you are old, or useless. But because you have made these young ones strong enough to help change the world. They will become your arms, and they shall be your justice."

"I can see it now, Midoriko. More than ever before. Thank you." He straightens his back, and I can see his authority shining through again. He has something he means to say to us. Something heavy...but I can carry the weight. I've come too far to run away from that.

"I will place a weight on your backs, both of you. Accept this challenge with pride."

"Yes!" we say in unison.

"Shikamaru Nara. From this day forward...you will be a chuunin of the Hidden Leaf Village."

"Thank you, sir."

"Lilith Kobayashi. From this day forward..."

I can see the moment his mind switches gears. Something heavier. Something beyond what was intended...but I respond. I look into his eyes and assure him of who I am.

I'm Lili. The girl who can do anything.

"You will be the great blade of this nation," he says. "A woman who will lead us into the future...as our ace. I declare you a jounin of the Hidden Leaf Village."

"Without hesitation, I shall be your sword of justice," I say sincerely. "I will grab hold of my title as an elite, and make you proud. Lord Hokage, believe in me."

He nods and takes out his pipe, putting it into his mouth. Smoke immediately starts to stream from it as he looks to the sky.

"You've all done well. Spend the rest of your day in peace, and take as much time as you need to recover. Thank you...you are dismissed."

The three of us bow before leaving the roof, jumping down to the street below. As soon as we land, Shikamaru wails loudly in despair.

"Aaaaaaah...a chuunin! A promotion! What a fucking pain in the ass...!" He pounds his fist on the ground.

Midori kisses me on the forehead, and gives me the warmest, most wonderful hug.

"More than I could have hoped for...Lili, you're beyond magnificent. I'm so glad I met you..."

"Midori-nee..."

"I'm so proud of you. I love you so much...and I will love you forever."

I smile and close my eyes. I'll let myself get carried away, and enjoy this sublime warmth. For the second time today, I close my eyes and drift off.

But this time...I'm the happiest girl in the world.


Chapter 45
Scarlet Justice - ep. 45"Refresh"
I open my eyes at the same time I usually do. It's early morning in the Leaf.
The dawn light shines in from the window next to my bed. Today is the day after the storm that overtook the village. I wonder how everyone is doing. From yesterday's tour, the village wasn't in terrible physical shape.
All of those quick and daring actions made a difference. It feels good to know that.
"..."
I look down at the band around my wrist, with a name written on it. 'Kobayashi, Lilith Caroline'. This will be my first full day in the Leaf Hospital. I press the button on the remote near my bed and wait.
"Good morning."
"Good morning," I say to the nurse who walks in. Her name is Ruki, and she works on and off at the hospital. She's also a priestess at the big shrine to the north, and she smells of flowers. Her hair is silver and worked into a long, thick braid that sits on her left shoulder, going all the way down to her waist. And her eyes are a lovely blue to match.
"We're up early today, aren't we?" she says with a smile.
"I usually go running around this time with my girlfriends," I say to her. "It's a routine we started a while ago, and people have taken notice. They'll probably understand if we're not around, though. Invasions and all."
"Yes, that much makes sense. I think we'll start drawing blood later on in the morning, when everyone else is checked in...let's see." She looks over the clipboard in her hands. "Quite a few tests to go through, which is why there are multiple samples. These people really are giving you the royal treatment, which I also understand. You're a jounin of the Leaf, and Lord Hokage did make more than a few requests..."
"How long will I be here?" I ask.
"About a week at the least, unfortunately. It seems excessive, but that's what has been asked of us. I'll be taking care of you from here on, so please call on me as needed. Did you want breakfast?"
"Yes. Whatever you might have available, and milk if you have it."
"Understood. I'll be back in a moment, Miss Kobayashi. We'll do our daily checks before you eat."
"Thank you, Ruki."
She smiles and tilts her head forward respectfully before leaving. The usual nurse's outfit looks good on her as I watch her go. A healthy, slender figure...mm. This week should be good for that alone.
I wait quietly in my bed before Ruki returns, checking my temperature, breathing, and heart rate. There are some lingering effects from the poison, which was indeed quite potent and would have taken a heavy toll if not for the quick administration of antidote. Midori really did do a good job, as the original version provided by Orochimaru worked at a slower rate, meaning I would have felt a lot worse when I woke up. My chakra, which had started to recover well enough yesterday, hit a very low point because of my exertion and poisoning. So one of the many reasons I'm here for a while is observation. A newly minted jounin and valuable member of the village would need to be monitored at the first sign of injury...so this is really the old man covering his bases and making sure that the shinobi council and other fossilized pols are satisfied when it comes to my progress.
"I didn't think I would see a jounin so young in my lifetime, though." Ruki gently sets a tray down in my lap, and I nod my thanks. A nice, simple meal of eggs and rice, with a lovely smelling sauce on the side. Fruit, crackers, juice, and milk. She even got me extra.
"Exceedingly rare these days, yes. The last of that type to get promoted so young was...that man, I think."
"Itachi Uchiha, it was. Though I hear he was in the Black Ops. I've heard the stories, especially from people who were around his age at the time. It's...very strange, I think. But that seems to be why there's such caution around you, Miss Kobayashi."
"Lili is fine, if you'd like."
"Lili, then...that sounds lovely. Alright," she says with her soft smile.
"Ruki, it seems like you have your own insights on the matter. I know we've only just met, but I can tell you that I don't have a habit of revealing information told in confidence. I'm also curious about Itachi...for many reasons."
"Hm." She studies me for a moment as I eat. "Then...if it's okay, Lili."
"It is."
"The stories I've heard from people who were alive at the time...Itachi was a different sort of person. You can't reliably predict who will and won't be a killer. But he never seemed the type to do any of that, according to everyone. He was fiercely loyal to the village and loved his family. People said that he and his little brother Sasuke were...quite close."
"I see."
"From that...I think that there was a deeper reasoning for what he did on that night. Something more than just killing others for the sake of it. Though...that might be too much to say."
"Is that what you feel?" I ask her.
"Yes. For some reason...I've always had that feeling. That there was more to what happened, and more to him as a person since he was always seen as quiet and humble. Going from loving the village so deeply to betraying it...if he ever truly did betray it."
I think on that a little while biting into slices of melon. "It seems that the heavens are saying something to you. It would be wise to meditate on it a bit more in your free time, I would say."
"I think so, too. Hm." She bows her head respectfully to me. "Thank you for humoring me, Lili."
"Of course. I couldn't leave such a pretty face alone, you know."
"Well, I think I do know." She winks at me before turning to leave. "I'll be back to check on you in a few minutes."
"Yes." She seems to be putting a bit more energy into her walk for my amusement. Saucy on her part, but being teased a bit is fine, too.
It soon hits mid-morning. The first of many blood samples to come are drawn by Ruki, who in addition to her good looks has a soft and talented touch. I've never been bothered by needles, but this is the most pleasant session I've ever had. A mouth swab, skin and nail samples, and some strands of hair. They're really going to run the board at this point, aren't they. She leaves to deliver the samples and I pull out a manga volume to read.
"Lili, you have a visitor. Seems people are eager to see you already."
Ruki returns with the samples still in her hands, and leads someone in to see me.
"Oh, thank goodness. You're awake. I was worried I would have to deliver a sad monologue and then hurry off to fix my makeup."
"Fortuitous for you, then."
"Indeed." It's the welcome, prideful look I remember from my stepmother. I expected her to come, but not to be the first to arrive so early in the morning. I can only assume that she was worried the entire time. Not worried enough to forego her usual silk numbers, but worried all the same. For that, I am grateful.
"You've worn normal looking pants this time, I see. Though the upper half is still as salacious as ever."
"I can't completely forego style, daughter of mine."
"You are a terrible show-off." I nod to Ruki. "This is my stepmother, Emi Kobayashi. As you can see, I lived a life of luxury at her feet before this."
"Ah, so you're looking after my genius stepdaughter. Very nice to meet you," Emi says as she takes Ruki's hand gently.
"The pleasure is mine. Though I would have guessed that you were Lili's birth mother at first. There's a definite resemblance."
"Yes, that much is true. The distinctive aura of a Kobayashi woman is unchanging from generation to generation. And the fact that she's a genius helps. Thank you for your service to us."
"You're very welcome. I'll leave you two alone for now, and deliver these samples to the lab. Lili, did you want anything special for lunch?"
"Nothing aside from the usual," I say. "Thank you, Ruki."
"Of course. Madam Kobayashi, anything for you?"
"Water, if you have it. Whatever kind is easiest to draw out, I don't want to impose...well, making it nice and cold would be helpful."
"I can easily accomodate you. I'll see you both in a bit."
Emi takes a seat in one of the chairs near my bed. She tosses back her hair and relaxes, setting her purse down. "It's been quite the ordeal. I didn't expect to be caught up in the middle of a war so suddenly."
"Yes, well...it was unexpected for all of us. Are you well?"
"Very much so. Midoriko and Luna made sure to bring me to a safe place, and then I suppose you were the one who called them away. I did get to see a glimpse of Luna's skill as she defended us. She's become a combat maid now," Emi says with amusement. "Did you know about this?"
"A little. I was surprised at her progression myself, though. She's very skilled, enough so that the Hokage wanted to recruit her."
"Interesting...hm. I suppose that I should secure her services while I still can. She'll have to get a substantial raise for her work...I can work that out once I make my way back home. What's more important is how you're doing, Lilith. I said that simple prayers and leaving it to you would be enough, but...hearing that you were in the hospital still made me worry a bit."
"That's only normal," I say to her. I lift the covers and move into a sitting position on the edge of my bed, feet dangling above the ground. The hospital is providing plain shirts and pants for me to wear during my stay. My slippers that I use to walk around are at the foot of the bed.
"It might be, yes. For a moment, I did...think the worst. Maybe I should apologize for that, losing faith in you."
"There's no need. Your feelings are valid."
"Thank you for that."
"I'm doing fine. I feel well enough," I say with a shrug. "But also a bit tired, I suppose. I went terribly low on chakra at one point, and they want to check my body for any abnormalities before letting me go. I might be back in the field quite soon. No news from the outside yet."
"I haven't paid much attention to goings on, other than the whole thing being declared over. I was stuck in a shelter with others...not a terrible experience, actually. It's been a long time since I mingled with the commoners."
"A novel experience," I say flatly.
"You jest, but it truly was. Although...there were some unpleasantries due to past actions of mine."
"Unpleasantries, you say."
"Mm." She puts her hands in her lap. "There were...are, rather...recordings of a lascivious nature in the public sphere. I did make sure to change my appearance, but there are some things you can't completely hide. Of course, I'm also tempting to the eye as it is, so..."
I blink. "You had sex on camera?"
"No! No, nothing like that. That's a little too raunchy, even for me. It was part of my modelling work."
"Ah, those sorts. So...were you unmasked?" I ask casually.
"Fortunately not. But I did get several comparisons and compliments. Suggestions that I should get into that line of work, etcetera. I politely declined, of course. Doing that sort of thing full-time would be taxing either way."
"It's a little much that we're talking about this."
"We don't exactly have a normal relationship, my dear. And you have restraint either way, don't you?"
"I might. But I still wonder about you, as my stepmother."
"Well, don't rely on me as your only source of influence."
I sigh.
"What? We've come a long way, but you know me by now."
"I suppose I do. Stepmother?"
"Yes, dear."
"Thank you for coming to see me. I love you dearly."
"I love you as well, Lilith. I'm happy to see that you're okay. And that your legend continues to grow. What's this I've been hearing about promotions?"
"I suppose you could call it a double promotion. I'm a jounin now, officially an elite shinobi of the village. The only real direction upwards after this would be...aside from being the Jounin Commander, it's the Hokage position itself."
"I see, I see. That's rather remarkable. Are you the youngest, by chance?"
I think for a moment, wiggling my toes. "Hmm...adjusting for everything, yes. I should be. Sharingan Kakashi was a year older than me when he achieved the same rank. He was made a chuunin at a much younger age."
"Much younger? You would mean something like ten years old?"
"Six."
"Goodness," she says with shock. "It really is a different sort of world. Six years old...but that's to say he took part in these sorts of things at five years old, then? I can't imagine it."
"My progression, though at a much older age, mirrored his. He graduated in a single year. It's interesting, because the Fourth did graduate at ten years old himself, and was supremely skilled to the point of surpassing even that sort of talent. The world is vast, stepmother. You can never figure out where the next great one might come from."
"Hm. I see that, now. A glimpse into that world...I'm aware it's not this sort of fighting and bloodshed all the time, but it was startling to see up close. My training, abbreviated as it was, took place in relative comfort and safety. Things like this were a new experience. I have a deeper respect for practitioners of these arts, savage as the arts themselves might be at times. Though you would wish for a world where it was no longer necessary to fight and kill. I don't know...I also don't want to let go of this lifestyle so easily."
"You think it selfish."
"A little. I don't want things to change so quickly, or to lose what I have now for the sake of others. Not a matter of what's deserved or earned...rather, what belongs to me. What I want and crave in life." She sighs. "It isn't the mark of an admirable person."
"It doesn't need to be," I say to her. "I have the same feelings. Nothing about saving the world or changing it...that much can be left to others, people who I can help through my own strength."
Emi places a hand on her cheek and thinks. "Maybe not the ideal society...I don't know what that would look like. But something good, something better perhaps. I can at least start at home."
"Do you mean to change yourself?"
"Slowly," she says. "Ever so slowly. I'll indulge myself and live freely, but that does not preclude being good to others. It might not be...direct, though. Those sorts of affections aren't my strong suit. Not even when it comes to sexual escapades." She looks at me. "On that note. If you can properly lead a man by his dick, things become a lot easier from there. Remember that for when you start dating. I'm sure there's someone who's caught your eye."
"Not yet," I say truthfully. I'm not interested in anyone in particular...it's mostly enjoyment of the female form these days, which satisfies me enough. "It will be a while longer. At that point, I'll let you know."
"See that you do. Also, speaking of such things...I should talk to Luna soon. I've discovered something about her recently."
"What might that be?" I ask.
"Well, it should have been obvious from before...she's a lesbian."
"I see. And how did you come to that conclusion?" I ask curiously.
"Hm? I said it should have been obvious for a reason. She has the lesbian aesthetic."
"..." I make sure I'm not hearing things. "The lesbian...aesthetic."
"Yes."
"I see." So do I not have it, somehow? What even is a lesbian aesthetic? Maybe it's something for women with big breasts and full hips like Midori and Luna. I don't know. I'm not sure I want to know, because that would involve peeking into Emi's head. At this point, I'm not ready for something like that. "So what will you do?"
"Do? What do you mean?" she asks me.
"About her being a lesbian. What did you think of it?"
"Oh. Nothing of it, really. Midoriko is her lover, right? And you're all connected, so it's fine," she says with a wave of her hand. "As far as the lesbian part goes, I shouldn't mind it at all. I might be a bit jealous, since she did capture Midoriko..."
"Jealous? So you're into women as well."
"I didn't mention it?"
I sigh. "No. Though I should have guessed from how you behave."
"Oh. I thought I did some time ago. Well, now you know. I'm bisexual. I suppose this has been an enlightening chat for us both."
"Enlightening is one way of putting it, yes." I look at her. "Though I'm glad we've come to the point where you can so casually confide in me that you've been fucking girls. So what was with the tension between you and Luna?"
"..." She's quiet for the first time, and after a moment I figure out why.
"You really are awful, you know. Letting jealousy rule you to that degree."
"Leave me alone. Her body is outrageous and I thought she was straight."
"And you had designs on Midori-nee, too."
"I have to keep her at a distance. I'm not into having my pride broken, and she seems ravenous enough that only someone built like Luna could satisfy her. Though...she likely already knows of my tendencies and is respecting my agency. I hope it's the case."
"This really is an unbelievable line of conversation. I'm supposed to be recovering," I say to Emi.
"They say amusement is the best medicine."
"It was laughter, they said."
"Amusement sounds more refined," she says with a smile. I shake my head and smile back at her.
Ruki returns with my lunch and a cool glass of water for Emi. I listen to my stepmother rant about things back at the mansion for the next while, as she has things she wants to get off her chest, but has nobody to really speak to candidly. She really is a strange woman at times, but...as I said, I do love her. And I'm happy that she's by my side at this time.
"Sorry to interrupt, but we'll need to run a few more tests with Lili," Ruki says.
"Of course. I suppose that it's time to take my leave, for now at least. I'll make arrangements to stay until you're cleared to leave this place, at the least," Emi says to me. "It was refreshing having someone to complain to."
"Very glad I could be of help, stepmother. Please stay safe, for the sake of your child as well." I pause and think of something. "I don't understand what you meant by arrangements. The apartment should be fine, no?"
"Oh, it's more than fine. But I can't stay there."
"Why not?"
"The last thing I want to do is get between them. You understand what I mean perfectly, Lilith."
"..." I nod and leave it at that. "Right. Until the next."
"Until the next," Emi repeats with a smile. "Ruki, lovely seeing you."
"You as well, Madam Kobayashi. Please take care."
Emi shakes out her hair and saunters off in her usual manner.
"Certainly one of a kind, your stepmother."
"To say the least," I reply. My mind flashes back to yesterday, when Midori and Luna could have set the whole village aflame with that kiss of theirs. I can't begin to imagine what's been happening in that apartment, so it's little wonder Emi decided to duck out. And of course there won't be a shred of evidence when I get back, because Luna really is good at her job. A little frightening to think about.
"Well, I think we should get these tests out of the way. Then you can go back to resting until tomorrow."
"That sounds good." I step into my slippers. "Please, lead the way."
"Well, since you asked nicely." Ruki smiles knowingly over her shoulder and leads me out.


Chapter 46
Scarlet Justice - ep. 46"Jubilance"
A yawn escapes me as I return from the bathroom. Today is the second day. Visiting hours have just begun, and I get my first pair of people.
"So. You overcame your thirst for each other long enough to visit," I say to them.
"I can see that you're recovering nicely, Miss Lilith," Luna replies with a bit of snark.
"She is. And she's not wrong about that part."
"Lady Midoriko, please..."
They're dressed casually today; Luna with a flowery blouse and long skirt that hugs her curves, and Midori wearing a red sundress that looks like it could awaken every young man and woman within a hundred miles of her.
"Hello again. Did you ladies want anything while you were here?" Ruki asks as she returns.
"Any sweet tea, by chance?" Midori asks.
"We have some, yes. It's quite good."
"Two glasses, then. Please and thank you."
"Understood. Lili, anything?"
"The usual," I say to her.
"One bottle of milk, coming up. I'll be back in just a bit, ladies." Ruki bows her head before leaving again. The ladies seat themselves around my bed, and I roll out from under the sheets to sit and face them.
"How are you feeling?" Midori asks me.
"Good. Nothing unusual. I just have to do a lot of tests before they let me go."
"Miss Ruki was telling us on the way up," Luna says. "You're here for a week...I hope it isn't too lonely."
"Not at all. I'm used to this sort of thing, as you know. Things haven't changed too drastically...I do miss the company of friends, but I can survive perfectly well in isolation. This much is fine."
"Mm. You've always been a composed sort of child, it seems," Midori says. "It's no wonder you did so well the other day. And why Sarutobi chose to promote you so quickly. Traits like those are rare, even in the shinobi world."
"I've heard as much. Luna, did my stepmother talk to you yet?"
"She did, yes. Mistress Emi knows about my orientation now. I don't know what logic she used to figure it out, but she did. And she's fine with it, which surprised me. I thought her to be more old-fashioned due to her upbringing."
"Believe me, she's quite liberated," I say with a dry tone. "And the part about your raise?"
"That was a shock as well. I'm grateful for it, though...perhaps I can do something for my Papa in the coming months. Maybe visit him in person. He never says so directly, but he longs to see me."
"If you need time off for that, just let me know," I say to her.
"Thank you, Miss Lilith. I will keep that in mind. Was the Mistress the only one to come here so far?"
"Yes. I can only assume the others have their own engagements, and are working to help clean up the village in their spare time. There's also the matter of missions, and administration...a lot is going on at the moment. I can't blame anyone for being too busy to visit right away. Have you heard anything, Luna?"
"Nothing aside from the usual," she answers. "The ladies from the painting and dance groups are all okay, and things in the village have slowed down socially as a result of the attack. There has been some chatter about captured enemies and the like, but there's some sort of investigation happening that I'm not quite clear on."
"Orochimaru was posing as the Kazekage. I assume they're looking into where the real one has gone."
"Likely dead," Midori says. "It wouldn't make sense otherwise. I don't think he would consider death any sort of drawback, as he planned to crush the Leaf and then maybe return for the corpse with all its secrets. His personal vendetta with Sarutobi was far more important."
"Yes, as we saw. I know that...I reminded the old man of Orochimaru in a lot of ways. Not in any direct sort of way, but...I think it was those possibilities that slipped away so long ago. Those came to mind and he saw a chance in me to make the right choice this time."
"A sense of power to placate you, then?" Luna asks.
"Nothing like that either. A second chance, more than anything. To guide someone with great potential the right way this time. I don't know what hardships Kakashi went through, exactly, but I know that the Hokage must hold regrets about Itachi Uchiha, along with Orochimaru. There are certainly other names lost to time, but those were two of the brightest lights that disappeared from the village itself."
"Sarutobi is very deliberate like that. He's definitely backing you, and taking a big chance," Midori says. "And he knows full well not to put you in danger just to please me. I can't stand suck-ups."
"Yes. It seems to be a sensible decision, from what I've gathered," Luna follows. "Miss Lilith is a very strong kunoichi with a solid foundation."
"I won't let him down any time soon, believe me. So there hasn't been much happening since we've last talked, then. Midori-nee, you've removed yourself from village concerns as promised."
"Yes, it's as I said. What I wanted was accomplished, and in a swifter manner than I could have guessed. The removal of Orochimaru on its own would have made some things easier overall, and then taking down Manda could have come at a later date. But the opportunity was too great to pass up, and goading him into calling out Manda was incredibly simple," Midori explains. "Things are wide open now, and we've started on securing our positions. If anything needs to be dealt with on this end, JPC will take care of it."
"I've heard that name in passing, JPC. What is it?" I ask.
"Ah, forgive me, Lili. I should have talked about that a long time ago. JPC is Jakari Programming Corporation, a relatively new and fast growing business in this world. They're located a few miles from Tanzaku Quarter, presently. The Jakari Family is one of the Ryuuchi Family's branches, and their two heads are the talented young ladies that I mentioned after our battle concluded. Twin sisters, Sana Jakari and Sanae Jakari. Sarutobi is acquainted with them, and the Leaf has a good working relationship with JPC as a company. Quite a few transport and security operations are handed out. You probably won't be getting too many missions dealing with JPC personally because of our relationship, but the girls are constantly keeping an eye on the village for any abnormalities that will cause trouble. There's no intervention unless it's extremely relevant to our interests, like this was, or it's an imminent threat to the entire world. The politics of the animal kingdoms can get very complicated."
"I see. I suppose I'll learn about that more as I grow," I say.
"You will. The girls will be out to help you at your first request, if you would like to do anything ambitious within the Leaf. There's plenty to cut your teeth on here, if I remember things correctly...but get yourself settled in first. Building a foundation with not only your finances, but your reputation will get you very far in this world."
"Hm. Was this what the old man meant for me?" I ask.
"I doubt it was his direct intention. But he'll enjoy the surprise," Midori says with a smile. "So get creative when the time comes. As Emi has said, it's just a matter of simple prayers with your genius doing the rest."
"Well. If you believe in me that strongly, then there's nothing else but to make it so. I'm Lili, after all."
"You certainly are. And what a blessing that has been."
Midori always knows how to say the right things, somehow.
We talk a bit more, about things like the miracle of avoiding noise complaints, Emi's strange habits and Midori considering her "off-limits" for my sake, Luna's combat maid status and being infected by my chunni syndrome, and general gossip. In the meantime, Ruki delivers two glasses of sweet tea as promised, and a cool bottle of milk for me. Midori has been out of the loop on village matters ever since she delivered me to the hospital, and says that she's been heavily focused on the next steps she needs to take as leader. That explains why she's been devouring Luna early and often, as tension is certainly high on her end.
"I think we'll leave you for now, Lili. I have things I need to do...well, not just things," Midori says with a light laugh.
"You two really are sisters," Luna mutters. "Never missing a chance to harass me."
"I'll do more than harass you later, you know."
"Yes, I know. You really should slow down some, Lady Midoriko."
"I should, but that would mean less quality time with you. You're not tired of me, are you?" Midori says, pouting playfully.
"N-nothing like that...I just worry about you at times. I'll be here to relieve your stress, as long as you'll have me."
"Thank you, Luna. I promise not to work myself too hard. But today...well, I have some plans for us. There's a little thing I want to show you when we get home."
"Is that so...well, then we should depart for now. Miss Lilith, it was lovely to talk, and to see you doing so well. I'm counting the days that I can go back to serving you with all of my strength."
"I'm looking forward to that. Thank you, Luna." We share a hug.
"Make yourself comfortable and let Ruki take care of you, okay?" Midori says as she strokes my head. "There's no rush to get back, I'd say. Be good."
"I will. Please take care, Midori-nee."
"For your sake, and Luna's. I certainly will." She hugs me tightly before letting go. I wave them both off, and soon I'm left alone again in my room.
There's not much to do before the next round of tests. "I suppose I'll-"
"She's not sleeping, right?!"
"Well, she certainly wouldn't be after that."
"Oof-! Sorry, sorry..."
I can't mistake that for anyone else. Ruki opens the door and a bouncing orange blur reaches me in short order.
"Oh! Medic-sis! Is it okay-"
"It's Ruki, you know. And yes, I told you it's fine to hug."
"Lili!"
He smothers me in a hug, more chaotic than I'm used to, but wonderful all the same. My arms go around him and hug back, calming him down.
"Lili...I'm glad you're okay!"
"I'm glad to see you, too. You don't look any worse for wear."
"Hehe, yeah! But I'm here to see you! How are you doing? What happened? I heard you got poisoned and I was super sad but then Ruki-nee said that the poison was gone and you were just tired! And then Chief Toad and Pervy Sage said that you were the coolest and that you saved Grandpa Third from the creepy snake man! And I heard that you used the super cool chakra mode, and then an even more super ultra cool finishing move, something like Snake Flash Destruction Border Fang Attack or whatever, the point is that you were awesome and I didn't want anything to happen to you and and and-"
"Naruto. It's okay. I'm okay now," I say gently.
"Y-yeah. Sorry."
"It's alright. I'm...really glad that you care so much about me. I'm happy that you came to see me. Thank you for that. I really appreciate it."
"Yeah. Lili, I was kinda scared, you know? I didn't want...to lose someone like you. You're way more than just a friend to me," he says quietly. "Everyone hated me because of the stupid fox, but the first time you heard about it, you said you didn't care. That you just cared about me. I didn't...couldn't ever forget that, you know?"
"I know. I wished for that much. I wanted you to remember that you'll always be valued by me."
"Thanks...for that. It means a lot to me, too. Um, sorry for being so bouncy. I just got off a clean up mission and it was the last one for Team Seven, so I checked on Iruka-sensei and asked about the old man, then I ran to see you."
"Sit down for a moment," I say to him. I leave my bed and gently settle him into one of the chairs nearby, then sit on one of the arms. "It's fine to relax, Naruto. Tell me how things have been outside."
"Sorry to interrupt again. Naruto, did you want anything to eat or drink?" Ruki asks.
"Whatever Lili's having!"
Ruki looks at me, and I shrug. "Strawberry milk this time, then."
"Two bottles, coming up. I'll be back shortly."
"Ruki-nee is super nice, yeah?" Naruto says as she leaves.
"She works at a shrine."
"Oh, yeah? Hmm. And she smells a bit like flowers. I should ask her some stuff later." I have to wonder what he means by that. Some sort of spiritual question? Unusual, I'd say. "Anyways, a lot of stuff happened..."
He hurriedly talks about the invasion, and using his clone arts to try and help out against the invaders. I can't make heads or tails of it from his perspective, but he's clearly navigated it all well enough. The initial thrust and attack from the Sound and Sand was countered relatively quickly, with genin pulled into the fray to help out as much as they could. Naruto was tapped by Kakashi for assistance, while Sakura and Sasuke stuck by each other for the most part.
"How are they doing?" I ask.
"Oh...it's complicated, I think." He rubs the back of his head.
"Gather your thoughts. First of all, you did well. You were very brave," I say as I pat his head. "I'm proud of you for keeping your composure."
"Thanks...but that must have been nothing compared to what you had to go through! That creepy snake guy, we met him in the forest before and he was trying to go after Sasuke, I think...he was really freaky and scary. Something happened while I was out of it...to Sasuke, I mean. I didn't know what it was before, though. Lili, weren't you scared?"
"I was."
"Then how'd you do so well?"
"Overcoming fear is what it means to be brave. You don't need to be fearless. In fact, I would argue that throwing away your ability to feel fear is the worst thing that you can do."
Naruto thinks a moment. "Is it...thinking of people?"
"Yes. I considered the consequences of not giving my all, and willed myself to move based on that. If you can keep in mind the reasons you fight, the people you fight for...I think that no matter how scared you might be, you can overcome any obstacle in your path."
"Hmm..." He nods slowly. "I think I get it. I wanted to protect the village and everyone in it, because I really like this place. And I like the people who care about me. Like you, Lili! I wanted to be as cool as you, at least...eh. Sasuke, right." Naruto lets out a breath and his expression changes. "We met back up at one point, and there were these guys...these two guys from that Sound village place. One was a girl, and she cursed a lot and called us trash. The other was a weird guy who was in some costume, I think. Coz it looked like he had another head on his back. I didn't get it...but they attacked and they were really strong and junk, even after I did my best. Sasuke...he got really angry and then these black marks showed up on him, and then the other guys had black marks on them, and we weren't doing so hot until Kakashi-sensei showed up and saved us."
"..." Sasuke gave in to the temptation of the curse mark. "What happened after that?"
"They ran away. Kakashi-sensei wanted to give chase, but Sasuke really wasn't doing well. The black marks went away, and I thought that was the end of it. I dunno what happened. Sakura said she didn't know either."
"I understand." Sakura is trying to protect him from the truth, either thinking it's too dangerous to know about, or that he wouldn't understand. But Naruto seems to understand more than she thought.
"It was the creepy snake guy's fault. I think maybe the mark will go away now that he's gone, like a curse or whatever. I hope so, anyways."
"You can ask Kakashi-sensei about it, maybe," I offer.
"Maybe. I dunno. I just...he looked really bad, and he wasn't talking for a long while, and when he did he sounded like he was gonna cry. Not...like in a funny way, either. He looked really hurt. I don't want to see him like that, but I don't know how to fix any of it. And Sakura was the same, sorta."
"You encountered the Sound attackers right away?"
"Nah...I ran into them in the middle of their fight with Sasuke. Like I said, they were super strong and there were two of them. Sasuke's pretty strong, and he looked like a kid compared to them, you know? We made it through, though."
I don't know what happened, but from the wording that Orochimaru gave, the Sound goons were there for more than just a fight. Did they get to Sasuke somehow? I can't really tell from Naruto's report if he was just hurt from the battle, or it was something deeper.
"He's at home resting and stuff, Sasuke, I mean. Sakura goes over to see him. They've been hanging out a lot lately, and it's pretty gross," Naruto says with his tongue out, trying to lighten the mood.
"That sounds about right. Naruto, he'll be okay soon. I know you care about him enough, even if I...have my own feelings about him. Suddenly getting thrown into a war, especially against strong opponents, isn't an easy thing. Especially for children who have largely known peace. There's no shame in being afraid, okay?" I say to him.
"I'll try and remember that, Lili. Thanks, I needed that, I think." He looks up at me and smiles. "I'll be okay! And I know that Sasuke's not a total crybaby, so he'll be back on his feet in no time! Sakura, too!"
"Right. Believe in your comrades," I say with a nod.
"It's too bad, though. If I remember right, after I beat Neji, he was supposed to be my opponent! Gah!" Naruto rubs furiously at his head. "That creepy snake guy was the worst! He just had to set things off early!"
I laugh a bit at that. "You were looking forward to that fight, eh?"
"Both of us were!"
"Both...?" I ask curiously.
"Yeah! Sasuke said...he wanted to fight me. So he had to be looking forward to that one, you know!"
I remember Sakura's words from the other day. It wasn't that I thought her a liar, but I had almost forgotten how close Naruto and Sasuke had become. Aside from his affection for me, he had been chasing Sasuke for a long time and competing with him. Perhaps for Sakura as well, in a way. Naruto for a long time had been alone, so having someone so close in age and like him, another boy who had his own goals to reach and was willing to drive himself towards them...something like that, it makes sense how they would eventually bond. And Sasuke, as much as he tries to front...he wanted someone to bond with as well. Was it those feelings that pushed him into using the curse mark, or something more selfish?
"Ah, well. Maybe Kakashi-sensei will let us have a fight later, once things settle down. I dunno much about what's going on, but he said something about 'keeping up appearances'. Whatever that means. There are a bunch more people going on missions than usual, him too."
"Power projection," I say to him. "Or, put simply, the Leaf has to prove that it's still tough after this recent attack."
"Oh yeah! Like how gangsters put on a front to scare other gangsters off, even if they don't have the numbers! Right?"
"A little...on the nose, but you have the idea." It seems that Chief Bunta has been imparting his wisdom on Naruto...him and Jiraiya, the aforementioned 'Pervert Sage'. I shudder to think what that kind of person might get up to if he knew about the 'Sexy Technique'. Guaranteed to be gross, if his ogling of Luna was any indication. Isn't he nearly three times her age? Gross, super gross.
"So how long are you in here? Tell me about the fight and everything, it must have been really wild and crazy and everything, especially if Chief Toad was there and Pervy Sage too! Is Luna really a battle maid?! Did your big sis punch a giant snake in the face and then cut him into sashimi?! And Kabuto was really evil the whole time? And and and-!"
"Here's your milk, you two." Ruki interrupts us and gives us each a bottle of strawberry milk. "Lili, we can schedule your tests a little later if you'd like."
"I would love if you did that, Ruki. My friend and I have a lot to talk about."
"Consider it done. I'll buy you a few more hours. Call if you need me, as always."
"How come you drink milk all the time?" Naruto asks as Ruki leaves.
"I'm a growing girl and it's a part of my development."
"Hmm...I don't really get it. Is it one of those beauty things?"
"Sort of."
"Oh. I mean...you're really pretty as you are, Lili," he says.
"Thank you for that. But I'm looking to grow upwards, for a lot of reasons." I sip my milk while looking at him. "You should think about working out some, in your spare time."
"Really? Don't muscles make you big and heavy?"
"Did you get that from watching anime?"
"M-maybe."
I sigh. "Excessive bulk creates problems, but you don't need to do that much. A bit of strength training and conditioning does wonders. You already have a lot of energy, but I can tell that you don't use it efficiently. Some focus helps. And as far as you're concerned, because you have so much energy to throw around, you can get a lot out of relatively simple exercises." I think for a moment. "Mm. And the girls are into that sort of thing, you know."
"Yeah?" he says, perking up.
"Mm-hm. Building up your body just a bit makes a big difference. Ladies like a man who looks fit, too. Even if he is a ragamuffin of sorts," I finish with a smile.
"Hmm...I'll think about that some. Thanks, Lili."
"No problem." Using Sakura as bait should work out, all so that Hina can reap the benefits down the road. Hmhm...that's perfect. I outdo myself sometimes. "Now, I'll tell you about what happened. Just don't spread the news too far right now, alright? It's very early on."
"I promise I won't tell anyone until it's okay! Oh, what about your, uh...thing. Did you tell your stepmom yet?"
"Not yet."
"Okay. I kept a lid on it, but the other day I asked one of the old ladies if they knew anything about...lesbians, right? Is that the word?"
"Yes, that's it," I say.
"Yeah. She said it was a 'deviant culture' and that people who did that stuff were bad for society." He frowns. "Not sure I get it. And I don't like how it sounds. It sounds worse than calling someone a pervert."
"It is, in many ways."
"You're not bad for society, Lili. You protect and love a lot of people. Is kissing girls really that bad?"
"Some people tend to think so. It's because they think it violates the natural order. Girls are supposed to love boys, not other girls. They're not supposed to fall in love with each other, and they're especially not supposed to do naughty things with each other."
"Hm. I don't get that either." He shakes his head. "I dunno if I want to understand it, since it might make me think like that old lady and other people."
"Knowledge is valuable. If you can understand why people think the way that they do, you can develop counterarguments. Like studying a person you're about to fight so you can dodge and interrupt their blows."
"Ah, that makes sense."
"You're not exactly strong in that area, but you'll grow stronger. And I suspect that you'll gain more friends that will help you with that sort of thing, if I'm not around. I'll do my best to help you along, Naruto."
"Thanks a whole lot, Lili. You do a lot of things for me, you know."
"It's all out of love," I say sincerely. "Well, let's get to telling you about my day yesterday..."
I start to speak, and Naruto looks up at me from his seat, eagerly absorbing every word. It makes me think about our relationship, as I often do. I don't know if it's something like...guilt, perhaps. A thought that maybe I'm not the 'right' person to be guiding him through this stage of his life, that it really should be someone else. It lingers in the back of my mind sometimes.
It's because I realize what I am, and because I realize that he's a pure child. Sasuke, even if I can't let go of that bitterness towards him, is the same way. I really was touched when Naruto accepted my dark half, the girl who slaughtered enemies without a second thought and returned to her normal life as if it were nothing. I wonder if it's right that I'm this close to him, influencing him like this. The more I think about it, the more I realize just how much I hold over him. And I would never manipulate him. I couldn't stomach doing so, hurting and using him for my own ends. But even so, those possibilities stay with me, hovering in some distant corner of my mind until these moments when we're together.
"Whoa! So Hinata can do all that? I can't believe I ever thought she was just a weirdo, haha! That's super cool!"
But...I can see the happiness in those bright blue eyes when he's near me. And I decide, as I've decided before, that 'right' and 'wrong' don't matter here. Because I'm the one who has chosen to love and accept him. More than anything, this boy that I once saw as just a nuisance...I want him to keep growing stronger, and eventually reach his dream. I can help by being as strong as I can, and giving him a path to his ideal world. The boy who wanted to be acknowledged, who wanted to change the hearts of others, who rails against destiny...I want to support him. I want to be there for him, no matter what anyone might think. I will keep that promise I made, the day he became a shinobi.
I said that I would accept him. And that I would love him, always.
"Man...I can't believe it. A double promotion?!" he exclaims, throwing his hands up in the air. "I can't believe that! You're a jounin now, that's way too far ahead of me, even if the old man promotes me 'coz I whooped that genius Neji! That's the same level as Kakashi-sensei! That's...higher than Iruka-sensei! So crazy! Aaaaah!"
He grumbles and folds his arms.
"I'm super super suuuuper jealous! But even more than that...I'm...I'm...!"
"..."
He gives me the biggest, brightest grin that I've seen. "I'm proud of you!"
"H-huh...?" I find myself taken aback...so sudden. I thought he would...
"Don't get me wrong, I'm still uber jealous, ya know. But I'm more proud than anything, hehe! Grandpa Third likes everyone, but he's got an eye for quality! I believe that! So, it only makes sense that someone who did all of that cool stuff without breaking a sweat should be a jounin! Kakashi-sensei's like that too, you know. Always knows what to do and junk, even when things get tough. Remember when I told you about the bridge? Hey, I bet with that laser thingy you could have beat Zabuza in no time flat!"
"Naruto...I'm..."
"Hm? What's up?" he asks, concerned.
"I'm just...surprised. Maybe I shouldn't be, but I thought you would be a little more bitter. Just thinking about everything," I say.
"Oh. Maybe. I think if it were anyone else, I'd definitely be a bit saltier, haha!" he says as he rubs the back of his head. "But because it's you...I can't feel much of anything but happiness. You're my friend and everything, and you've helped me figure out a lot of stuff. I still wanna fight you one day soon, obviously. But seeing you all happy and successful makes me happy, too. It's hard to explain."
I smile and nod. "It's okay. Even if you can't explain it well, I understand what you mean. It's the same feeling I get from seeing you do well."
"Really? Eh~! That's awesome! So, you're gonna get to go on super cool secret missions when you leave the hospital! I guess you won't be able to tell me about them, though...hmm. I can settle for the non-secret missions. Also, I saw Kurenai and Asuma on one of their dates and junk, and Kurenai said...what was it." Naruto furrows his brow in thought. "'The true S-Class opponent is paperwork'. I sorta get it. Paper tests and stuff are the worst."
"It might be so," I say with a laugh. "You'll definitely have to wrestle with it as Hokage."
His eyes brighten. "Yeah? I think I should be able to blow through them with some Shadow Clones! Eh...actually." He sighs. "My handwriting sucks, and there's no jutsu to stop hand cramps, is there."
"We can work on one together. Maybe lightning or water style?" I muse.
"I can study medicine! And...eh?"
I shake my head. "Don't get ahead of yourself. I don't even think you could be a janitor for the animal clinic with your grades."
"Oi..."
"I bet you're not even getting promoted. That fight between you and Neji was sloppy," I nag playfully.
"Sloppy! Sloppy, she says! Oi, let me tell you something!" He gets to his feet and points at me before going into one of his rants. But there's a smile on his face the entire time.
It's a smile that I would give anything to protect.


Chapter 47
Scarlet Justice - ep. 47"Memoriam"
The past two days have been filled with tests of all kinds. As a result, I have not had any visitors.
Ruki obtained some more samples and delivered breakfast before I traveled downstairs. A room full of equipment and with space to run around as desired. It was there that small pads with wires were stuck onto my skin, and I exercised as various uniformed shinobi watched. Interesting tastes on their parts, but I kept my mouth shut as they likely wouldn't receive such banter well. They measured my vitals and asked me to do simple tasks, but the sheer number of them meant that I was down in that room for most of the day. Not a terrible hassle, but a bit of an annoyance considering that I was relaxing so well earlier.
Today is the second day, and it's slightly different. I follow my normal routine, exercise, and perform for the old men again. This time they would like to see how I use my chakra. I display a few basic manipulations of water and lightning chakra, boost my movements, and fire off one or two techniques. I don't feel like using Mobius today for several reasons, and Ruki reports their grumbling back to me. Condolences to them, but this is supposed to be a fitness test, not a showcase for the viewing pleasure of lechers.
"Maybe you could have obliged them," Ruki says as we walk back towards my room. It's evening by now, and I'll probably be heading off to bed early after another shower. "But then, it's my fault for cramming in everything over two days. I just wanted to get them done faster, for your sake."
"I thank you for that, Ruki. And I do understand your sentiments...I simply don't agree with them. Not only am I uninterested in giving out free shows, I highly doubt the hospital would take pleasure in having to replace an entire wall suddenly."
"That much is true, yes. Well, they can complain to the Hokage if anything. I've done my job, and so have you. Some milk to round out the evening, Miss Kobayashi?" she asks with a smile.
"You know what I like already. Perhaps I should take you home with me when the week is up," I tease.
"Hmm...it's a tempting offer. I'm sure you treat your employees well. Let me deliver these reports and I'll come back up with some milk and a few treats. Hopefully, I won't be too long for you."
"You never are. No rush, my darling. I will see you soon."
"Of course. See you in a bit." Ruki gives me a wink and starts on her way down the hall. As always, I watch her form with admiration. If I could grow up to look that good...
"Ah, well. Patience," I say to myself. "Good things come to those who endure, after all. Stay the course." Since I know the way back to my room, I continue on my way. There's a girl down the hall, unsteady on her feet. Her long hair is supposed to be black from what I can tell, but has lightened considerably from what looks to be stress.
Her feet slam into each other and she trips...
...right into my chest as I appear before her.
"My apologies," I say to the people nearby. Running around like a shinobi in the halls must be a taboo at the hospital, but I'm reassured and thanked by people for my quick action. The girl is groaning and her brown eyes suggest dizziness, or some sort of disorientation. Her room number is printed on her bracelet and I take her back down the hall along with another nurse who was passing by. He checks her over and then puts out a call to her assigned keeper, who arrives quickly.
I stand and watch to make sure she's truly okay. And...because there's something I noticed when I was looking at her bracelet. A name that I've heard before, from what seems like so long ago because of this recent strife.
"Is it okay if I ask a question or two?" I ask the girl's nurse before he leaves.
"If she's okay with it, yeah. Call me if anything happens, alright?"
"I will. Thank you," I say with a bow. He closes the door and the two of us are alone. She's lying down, her breathing more controlled than earlier.
"You wanted to talk to me?" she asks. Her voice is gentle and light.
"Yes. Is it alright if I come closer?"
"Of course it is! You can have a seat on the bed if you want, there's room."
"Thank you." I do as she asks and sit next to her on the bed. The sheets are drawn up to her chest, and her face is still red with exertion. She really needs to rest, so I plan on leaving as soon as I ask her this question.
"Before anything...thank you for earlier. It's not often you get saved from a concussion by a kunoichi," she says with a smile. "Or worse. Those floors are pretty hard, you know. As I keep finding out when I fall on my butt..."
"You seem to be having a rough time of it."
"To say the least. There are days where I can't even bathe myself...it's so embarrassing, you know. I feel like the worst."
"It's not your fault, whatever this might be," I reassure her. "I saw on your bracelet...your name is Tamayo, isn't it?"
"Tamayo Kasuri."
"My name is Lilith Kobayashi. You can call me Lili if you would like."
"I'll do that. I've heard your name in passing...ah, right. The number one rookie from this year's academy class, right? My brother mentioned you once or twice, and he was quite jealous...I still remember that."
"What...happened to your brother? Is he okay?" I ask, knowing the answer.
"He died. It was during the Chuunin Exams, we just...didn't get the news until after the invasion. Yesterday, though it...seems like forever since. I guess there's good reason to call it the Forest of Death." Tamayo is quiet for a long while. I don't like that she's sad, but...I can't bring myself to feel remorse for what happened. I think about telling her what her brother pulled, what he did to me, what he made me go through.
But that would be a torture too much for anyone to bear. She loved him...I can see it. She believed in him. The least I could do is leave her with a pure memory of him, even if it means he gets to escape further judgement and rejection in this world. He didn't die a good person, but I can leave Tamayo with those good memories.
"What was your brother like?" I ask, looking out towards the door. "I mean to say, if it's not too hard of a question, and you feel alright."
"I'm fine. The dizziness is wearing off, anyways. His name was Mamoru. Not a terribly creative name on my parents' part, but he took it seriously enough as the first-born. He wanted to protect me no matter what, and so...when I got sick a few years ago, he kept pestering my parents to become a shinobi so he could help with bills."
"Did they let him?"
"They waffled until he got to the age where most kids need to go in or else they'll fall behind, or so the other parents told them. During that time, they worked extra long hours at their jobs. My father helped make things like protective equipment, and my mother worked as a waitress. The money was just barely enough to cover my treatments, and...sometimes we couldn't afford them. My brother did what he could to help out, but he thought that the only way to get enough money in time was to become a shinobi. So...eventually my parents caved, and gathered together enough money to send him to the Shinobi Academy."
I see. A less fortunate child, trying to make it through. Wanting to do his best for someone he so dearly loved.
"I told him," Tamayo continues, "that he didn't need to be reckless. Enough money to support Mom and Dad, taking some pressure off the payments they needed to make. The regular medicine wasn't doing it for me, and everyone was trying to save for the big procedure that would help me get a lot better. My parents were doing what they could, and figured at the current rate they could coast for about two years. I didn't want them to hurt themselves at work, but they insisted they were fine. Mamoru...he thought differently."
Tamayo shifts a bit and pats down her sheets, letting out a breath.
"He was upset with my parents for a lot of reasons. Stress from his classes because he thought he wasn't doing well enough. The mission pay he thought was too small, and the missions were pointless - our parents, they were okay with his progress, but he thought they were coddling him. And then the matter of my treatments. It was explained to him that the more aggressive solutions would cost too much for us, but he was angry anyways. It was then that...he made that mistake."
"Entering the Chuunin Selection Exams," I say.
"Yes. He got his sensei to agree to submit their names, and his teammates were willing to help him reach that goal. I wasn't entirely sure of their...motivations," she says bluntly. "But it was sweet of them to support my brother. So...off they went. He promised me that morning that when he came back, he would be a chuunin, and that everything would be better from that point onward. That my pain would come to an end."
She closes her eyes.
"He didn't come back. I...thought he might have been in the hospital, badly hurt and unable to talk to us. But...when they announced the final tournament, and his name was nowhere to be found, I knew something had happened. I prepared my heart for it."
"I'm sorry, Tamayo." I really am sorry for her. Not for what happened, but for the pain she's experiencing.
"Thank you for that, Lili. It's comforting having you nearby, somehow. He should have...waited. Taken the time to get stronger. I wasn't going to waste away, and our parents were doing as well as they could. I get the feeling he didn't care about much else other than...no, it's awful to say."
"It might not be," I say as I look to her. She opens her eyes.
"I know...my brother loved me. He would do so much for me, even if it meant dying. But...I had my own feelings, and he kept trampling over them. I just wanted him to be safe and happy, and I said that over and over again, but he wouldn't listen. He just had to fix me. He had to cure me, and he had to do it himself. It sounds awful, like I'm slandering him after he just gave his life to see me well."
"It's not awful. He was a human being too. Flawed, simple. Somewhat misguided." He gave away her name in the forest, and seemed proud to do so. She was a noble end, I realize. The person that he had gone on that heroic quest for. But I still shouldn't talk about those parts on my own.
"I think so, too. It's...more than possible that he crossed someone, and that was how he met his end. His body is in the morgue, and my parents are trying to decide what to do next. I think we might cremate him, for many reasons."
"What about that person?" I ask. "What do you feel towards them?"
"It's entirely possible that I've passed by them in the halls a few times. Maybe they were fighting at that tournament. Or maybe they died themselves in that forest. I don't know. I don't think I ever will, but...there's no anger there. I'm so tired, and it wouldn't be worth it at all. To hate someone for trying to survive, for completing an objective like shinobi are taught to do...no, I can't really make sense of that. Not as I am, anyways."
"Would you like to become a shinobi one day?" I ask her.
"No, no. I know enough about that life now...it's not the chance of death that scares me, though it is still so scary. It's...not suited for me. I have dull reflexes and panic easily outside of a controlled space. I might want to become an accountant...one of those office ladies, maybe?" She giggles softly. "That sounds nice. I like the idea of routine, even if others call it boring."
"To each their own, as is said. Every chosen path in life is valid."
"That sounds nice. I just have to get over this sickness, somehow. I don't want my brother to have died in vain." Tamayo smiles at me. "Thank you for listening to me, Lili. I've always wanted to talk to another girl about these sorts of things."
"That's amusing. I'm...not a very good person, to say the least."
"You were good to me."
I can't help but smile at that. "I'll leave you to your sleep, Tamayo. Be well from now on."
"Thank you. I hope you recover well yourself."
I get up from the bed and start on my way out. For a while, there's something that I've meant to do for this girl. I decide that I will do it after all. It's barely any cost for someone like me. "Tamayo. If...someone were to offer you help, without any condition...would you be able to accept that?"
"Without condition? It sounds like a dream."
I walk back towards her bed. "It does. But if it were truly real, would you grab hold of it?"
"I would. There's always a small bit of pride nagging at you in these times," she says as she turns her head towards me. "But I wouldn't need much time to think on it. I would take that opportunity. You wouldn't be happening to offer me such a thing, would you, Lili?"
"I would be, yes."
"Because you took pity on me?"
"Yes."
Her brown eyes widen. "I...didn't expect-"
"An answer like that. I know. I did take pity on you. I thought your story was tragic, in a way. I also think that you're worthy of this assistance. Not everyone would be. You are more than just a drone, just a good daughter or sister waiting to be rescued. So I want to give you the strength to decide your own fate."
"Hm." She wipes the tears that come down and rolls back over to face the ceiling again.
This isn't some sort of repayment for what I did. I would do it again. I would erase that trash, even if it made Tamayo sad all over again. Because I have dreams and people that I need to protect. It's because I see something in this girl. Something bright, and potentially strong. She doesn't need to be tethered to her brother, dragged into the abyss because of those guilty feelings lying just under the surface. She is braver than that. She is better than that.
"Please. Lend me your strength, Lili. I want to live."
"You have it, Tamayo. I will take care of everything from here on." I turn and start on my way out once more.
"If this works out...I wouldn't mind working for you, you know."
I grab the door handle and twist, smiling.
"I see. Then I'll be looking for a secretary in a few years. Make sure you're ready for me to scoop you up."
Finally, I close the door behind me as I leave, and head back to my own room. Ruki hasn't returned yet, so I sit on my bed and wait for her. She arrives with a good sized bottle of milk and two glasses.
"Whew. Okay, that took a while longer than expected. Sorry about that, Lili."
"It's no trouble. I kept busy in the meantime."
"Good. I wanted to sit down and have a discussion with you about these results. They're all good, but it always helps to be clear about what's going on. Is that okay?"
"That sounds perfect."
"Great."
"I have a question unrelated to this," I say as Ruki sets her folders down on the nearby table. "It's regarding another patient."
"Oh? Did something happen?"
"Nothing bad. I had a chat with a young girl, and...I've decided I want to help her. She has some sort of illness that I'm not very well versed on, but it causes her dizziness and the like, and makes her terribly weak. A proper diagnosis and aggressive treatment would likely save her life. The problem is that she and her family can only afford the bare minimum."
"That's unfortunately a problem I hear far too often. So you want to personally help, then?"
"I was thinking that the hospital could take care of the connections, and I could arrange payments for the treatments and care directly," I say.
She nods and pours out two glasses of milk. "That's about how it works. Most people request a certain level of care according to what they can afford, outside of standard treatment of course. Extra procedures cost a bit more, with costs being offset by family status. Shinobi get all their sicknesses and injuries treated at no cost, of course. Family members of shinobi get discounts and the like, but complicated procedures still cost a lot of money. The hospital is billed, and then the bill is sent to the patient. It can get complicated." Ruki sets the bottle down and closes it before sitting. "But if you can pay the physician directly, that removes a lot of hassle."
"If possible, I would like the highest level of care for her."
"Understood. What's the patient's name?"
"Tamayo Kasuri," I say.
"Ah, Tamayo. I've seen her around...she's very sweet. Her brother recently died during the Exams...it's always sad to hear. Twice a year, listening to grieving parents and siblings..." Ruki sighs and writes Tamayo's name down. "I'll make the arrangements and take care of the paperwork. A call will be put out tomorrow. Would multiple people be fine?"
"As many as it takes. Money is no object."
"Okay." Ruki writes down a few more notes before nodding. "Done. I'll take care of it. Now, we can go over these results together...and see what exactly we're dealing with. The last few tests are still being processed, so by the end of the week we'll have an even clearer picture. It should satisfy the old pols."
I slide down from my bed and take a seat in the chair beside her. She pulls out an image of my chakra pathway system, with notes written on various parts of the page. I pick up the milk glass and sip from it as she starts to speak.
"So as we can see here, everything is all clear. The points that were focused in on are here, around the heart..."


Chapter 48
Scarlet Justice - ep. 48"Whimsy"
"This should be the last one. With the delay for results, we should be done just before we send you home."
Ruki draws what is supposed to be the last vial of blood from my veins with the vacuum tube needle, the same as she's been using the whole week. She's as delicate as always and holds the cotton ball against my skin herself before releasing it. Shinobi have different physiology, and deal with needles faster than civilians do. Ruki works with all of us, and is very skillful in doing so.
"Thank you for your patience," she says with her lovely smile. She really is kind...I really would take her home if I could, but I couldn't deprive this hospital and the world of such a treasure. Not yet, anyways. Mm...if I find something substantial for her to do in the future, I could still steal her away. But that's a while yet, I think.
"I'm going to miss you in a few days, you know," I say while sitting in my bed.
"I know you are. And as dangerous as it might be to say it, I'll miss you too."
"I'm going to come back for you one day," I say half-seriously.
"Well. I'll be here waiting," she says with a playful smile of her own. "If it's you, I don't think I'd be able to resist the first serious offer you made, Lili. Look after the village for me until then."
"Of course."
"Oh, right. I got those notes for you that you wanted," Ruki says as she sets the tube down safely and grabs a red folder for me. "You seemed pretty alert when I was talking about the CPS yesterday."
"Mm-hm. I've been thinking about something for a long while, and wanted to see if there was any research done to that end. The Chakra Pathway System...it should be able to carry certain effects through it if I focus on that sort of use, no?"
"It could do that much, yes. Sounds dangerous, though. Make sure you're not doing anything reckless, especially after spending so much time here," she says with a frown.
"I promise I won't. This research is precisely so that I don't hurt myself."
"I see. Well, as long as you're not doing anything dangerous. You have access to that chakra mode, right?"
"Yes."
"Then a lot of those notes should be relevant to you. I wouldn't go too deep into it, though...there's a consensus that development of those sorts of things has hit a dead end."
"Is that so...well, I haven't hit the peak of my personal development yet, so it would be helpful as a means of exercising caution. Thank you for your concern, Ruki."
"My pleasure. I'll be back in a bit with your breakfast. Nothing special as usual?"
"Mm...I'm feeling like steak and eggs today."
"Oh, that's interesting," she says with a smile. "I can accommodate you for sure. How do you like them done?"
"Medium, eggs scrambled."
"Understood. See you in a while, Lili."
I nod and watch as she leaves with the blood samples, then start flipping through the notes she grabbed for me. Things about the Lightning Release Chakra Mode...the scroll didn't contain any detailed information about limitations or the like, which I suspect isn't a great concern for shinobi in general because of the precautions they're supposed to take. Training accidents happen, but they're not a regular occurrence and are generally preventable, a result of lack of caution on the part of the user. In my case, I don't think even the most detailed scroll would contain this sort of raw data, for the sake of brevity at the very least. An overly detailed technique scroll is just as bad as one with too few details to it. Picking through the useful, relevant data is a waste of time and can even be dangerous.
One day when I have time, I'll do a write-up with the relevant formulas and form it into a technique scroll for future generations. But what techniques it contains will depend on how well turned they are to my body specifically - there are certain techniques that require specific conditions to be met, and in that case I might as well keep them to myself until I get to advanced age. Time will tell.
"Let's see...chakra mode increases physical parameters with coating of lightning chakra. Appreciable increase in all relevant physical parameters...things I already know. Something here...version two with greater increases..." I flip through more papers, past information I already have from my personal training. Ah, here. Something interesting. "Stimulation of CNS leading to increase in speed, reaction time...reflexes sharply increased. As chakra level increases, consumption increases...yes, obvious. What else. Testing of extremes...reveals that increases fall back to linear growth levels past certain threshold. See chart thirteen." I find the relevant chart and look at the graph.
That's...annoying. So there's no appreciable increase past a certain point, and with my chakra levels and body type...it could even be damaging if I push things too far for too long. But this also confirms a few things. The solution isn't more chakra. I can't get a bigger boost without running myself ragged and wasting the opportunity for more techniques. So, what is it that I can do to make this more efficient?
This is where my clever idea comes into play. The CPS moves chakra around the body and is vital to human survival, in the exact same way that the circulatory system is important for moving blood to and from internal organs. All living beings have the CPS in them, but the vast majority will never consciously access it in their lives. The few that do are people like me - those called shinobi. Things get more complex from there, but the gist of it is this...instead of projecting power and using it as a layer of stimulation from the outside, I can start from the inside and work my way out. Nothing as stupid as trying to convert my regular chakra flow into lightning - that would likely kill me, if not end my career in an instant. No, it's something else. I pull out the chart from yesterday, detailing my own pathway system. CNS or central nervous system...there are the pressure points along that area, which are activated by the chakra mode each and every time to allow for the extreme increases in chakra, speed, power, and perception. Passive stimulation of other areas is observed as well, by myself and the notes in front of me. I can do better than that.
If I can properly stimulate certain meridians with a more compact system, chakra flow will be increased further than previously, I can achieve direct stimulation by boosting the peripheral nervous system with the activation of relevant pressure points, and I'm also not wasting as much chakra by forcing the energy from the outside layer back inward. This more direct control also means that I can provide a proper layer of protection for my heart at the least. Also, since the PNS works differently, needing some extra material to transmit signals at an acceptable rate...boosting this part of the nervous system will result in a dramatic increase in motor function. Of course, this is dangerous if I get it wrong. The possibility of activating too many points at once is a complicating factor, and indeed the studies I'm looking at talk about this. They've talked about activation of the entire body, and have seemed to travel in one direction - that of the Eight Inner Gates.
"Hmm." The fine focus from before has changed to a rush to unlock the true secrets of the Inner Gates, and if they can be manipulated by things like a chakra mode to achieve greater power output. These studies are also relatively old, from a few years before I was born. Considering the turmoil that's happened since then, with the Uchiha and the Nine-Tails, it's little wonder that projects like this might have been suspended for other types of research. But it's a little concerning how these people went straight for the solution that gave them the most power...well, it's not any concern of mine, not right now. I have a path that I need to create on my own, and I have the tools to start.
"Here we are. Your steak, eggs, potatoes, and two bottles of milk," Ruki says as she comes in. She sets the tray on my bed and looks at me curiously. "You've been busy."
"Yes. I think I've come up with something after looking through these notes. A bit daring, of course...but I should be fine. If anything, I can have Kakashi look after me while I train."
"Kakashi, huh." Ruki's tone is a bit scornful. "Make sure you're the one looking out for him, if he's using that Sharingan."
"An interesting bit of commentary from you, my dear." I organize my notes and put them away before grabbing my tray of food.
"Ha. Sharingan Kakashi checks in here like it's his personal hotel. He has an interesting habit of picking missions that might be too much for him and then ends up exhausted because that doujutsu drains his chakra like crazy. He can't turn it off, so he's supposed to keep it covered. I appreciate that he's saving lives, of course..."
"You just think he's a bit reckless."
"More than a bit. Again, I don't hate that side of him. Or him, for that matter." She smiles to herself. "He stops by the shrine from time to time. It's nice of him. Not sure about those books he reads, but he's a good fellow."
I finish chewing on my steak and swallow. "Do you tend to him often?"
"Ah, often enough. We know each other by name."
"Have you considered him?"
"Mm...a few times," she says as she twirls her silver braid around her hand. "I think it would be nice. But...he doesn't seem very interested in finding a woman, I think. Perhaps that tragedy in his past has a lot to do with it."
"I see. Maybe you should apply a bit of pressure and see where it goes. No harm if he says no, right? You'll always have me to comfort you," I say.
Ruki giggles at that. "That sounds good. You know...I'll think on it. I could always give it a try, outside of the hospital, I mean. Not very ethical to hit on your patients."
"But getting hit on is okay," I point out.
"Exactly. Not desired, but technically legal! Well, undesirable barring certain exceptions," she says with a wink. "A bit of charm goes a long way, as you've proven."
"Thank you kindly for that."
"You're welcome. I'll be off for now, though I suspect you'll have quite a few visitors for the day. Till then, Lili."
"Until then. Thank you, Ruki." She leaves and I cut into another piece of my steak. It's delicious...though from what I've heard, hospital food usually isn't so savoury. "..."
I wonder. Is that woman...?
"Well, it would be just like her," I say with a smile. "Going the extra mile...you really are kind, Ruki."
As predicted, the floodgates have opened. My first visitor is someone I've been looking forward to seeing for a while.
"Lili."
"Hina."
She smiles and hugs me tightly, saying nothing else as we hold each other for what feels a long time. We separate long after Ruki leaves us alone, and stare into each other's eyes.
"You're safe." Hina places her hands on the sides of my head, pushing some of my hair out of the way. "You came back to me."
"As I promised."
"All I want today is to be here with you. I don't want to hear about anything else right now. Is that okay? Is that too much?" she asks gently.
"It's more than fine. We can do that for as long as you want. If I see nobody else for the day, I can live with it." I place my hands over hers. "You can have me all to yourself."
"It's selfish. I want to do it...but it's selfish." I feel her gently press her hands against my cheeks. "A few hours...it's not enough, it never could be after this time. But...I can live with that much."
"Yes."
We sit on the edge of my bed, facing the window and the light shining down through it. As I look out towards the village, I feel Hina take my hand in hers, meshing our fingers together. I squeeze back after she does, and feel her lean against me, her head on my shoulder. Her breathing is so gentle and calm that I would feel immensely guilty for moving even an inch. Just being here...she's put my heart completely at ease.
"Father has reported many things from across the village...great things that you've done on behalf of all of us. But I only cared about seeing you, and knowing for sure that you were safe. It was hard going to sleep the last few nights...hearing that you were in the hospital for some reason that was never explained."
"I'm sorry to have worried you," I say to her.
"It's not your fault. And it doesn't matter, now that I know you're okay."
"I should be out in a few days."
"That's wonderful to hear. We can talk about everything at that point. Right now, it's as I've said, over and over again. I just want to be here with you, Lili."
"Hina...it's probably not the best time, but I have to ask something."
"Anything you would like."
"I have to wonder...are you getting through everything well enough without me?" I ask.
"Not...as well as I would like. I still have those lingering thoughts...that sort of nervousness that makes me freeze in place when confronted, or the low self-esteem that makes me stay away from certain people. I still need your support for things like that, I think. I know that I'm getting a bit stronger, but some help to move forward on my own...unfortunately, I'm still in need of it."
"That's nothing to be ashamed of. I just wanted to know how you were doing. Hina, I'll be here to help you for as long as you need. All you have to do is ask, or at the least let me come to you in times of trouble."
"It makes me feel a little bit guilty."
"I know. But you're not a burden. I made a promise to you that I intend to keep. I'm glad to hear that you're making progress, and that you're not trying to move through the world too quickly. It's good that you're cautious and aware of yourself. That's the sort of quality a mature woman has, you know."
"That's a bit much, Lili. Mature...someone like me."
"Someone just like you," I say as I pat her head with my free hand. "Growing up is a process, something we all have to do in our own ways. As much as it might surprise you, I'm still growing myself. Being good socially is just one side of the picture, you know."
"If...it's what you say. I'll believe in it. Thank you for encouraging me...like you always do."
"Nothing to thank me for. Now relax a while, like you wanted to..."
She does so, eventually falling asleep against me. I decide not to move, instead closing my eyes and listening to the sound of her breathing.
"Mm?"
The next time I open my eyes, I feel a blanket wrapped around me. I must have drifted off, even if I didn't mean to. Hina stirs beside me, so it wasn't her doing...it must have been Ruki, then.
"That was...so nice."
"Was it? You know, I don't think you're supposed to feel that comfortable around me," I tease Hina.
"Maybe not...at this rate, we might as well start a relationship, right? That must be what you're thinking," she says as she stretches.
"Something like that. But I know you have someone you're aiming for, and I want to respect that."
"I appreciate that." She lets out an adorable yawn and rubs her eyes. "It really was refreshing...we should do this more often. I think I can take on the rest of the day like this."
"You see? You keep talking like that. It makes me want to snatch you up, since Naruto wouldn't even notice if I did at this point."
"You're terrible."
"And you're worse. Stop being cute," I pout playfully.
"You shouldn't worry about me getting away. I bet you're flirting with Miss Ruki."
"What does that have to do with anything?" I ask.
She sighs and shrugs off the blanket. "It's time for me to go before you say something too silly to take back. That, and if I stay too much longer, I won't want to leave."
"I'm sad to see you go, but I always am. Take care, Hina. We'll catch up on everything soon over tea."
"Yes. There's much to talk about." She kisses me on the cheek. "Congratulations, Lili."
"Thank you," I say with a tender smile. "Remember that I love you always, Hina."
"And I will always love you, Lili."
We look at each other once more before she leaves. The door clicks closed, and I wrap the blanket around myself, feeling her lingering warmth.
Then the door flies open again, and I hear an unwelcome, characteristic grumbling.
"Seriously, I have work to do..."
"What, you mean observing cloud movements? Shut up! Lili is our friend, you know!"
"We shouldn't be so loud, you guys."
"Yes, that's right. You shouldn't be so loud," I hear Ruki say. She herds the three members of Team 10 into my room. "Here's three more. I'll be back in a bit, Lili."
"Take your time."
Ino hops onto the bed and hugs me tightly, looking me over. "Everything okay?"
"Everything is fine. Hina was just here...we spent some quality time together."
"That sounds so cute. Heh, you really are sisters. I think she's been worried about you a while...I've been thinking about you, too. Especially after all the wild stuff that I heard from my dad and uncles! And Shikamaru, I guess."
He sits in a chair and grumbles, waving Ino off.
"You actually went toe to toe with the First and Second Hokage! And saved the Third Hokage from certain death! And on top of all that, got a double promotion to jounin! Lili, you're...you're...there aren't any words! You're so incredibly cool, just to start!" Ino says happily.
"You really think so..."
"Uh, duh?! Seriously...I dunno what the right word is. Just this sort of strength I get from you...a sort of feeling that makes me admire you a whole lot. Maybe even worship you, maybe?" she says with a giggle. "It wouldn't be too strange, I think. It's complicated...seeing you bounce back from all of that stuff in the Academy, and then being friends with you, and then after that watching you tear through that Gaara kid...speaking of that, you must have realized you went overboard just a little, right?"
"Well...you're right to think that. I agree with you. I might have gotten...carried away."
"You definitely did. But...n-never mind. It's awkward to talk about in front of others," Ino says quickly. "The important thing is that you're okay, you're alive, and you're totally a super elite shinobi now. How does it feel?"
"Strange, in a way. There are a lot of old men interested in me, for one."
"Come on, stop. I'm serious," she says as she gently hits my arm.
"I am too. But...it doesn't feel that different yet. I still have my regular objectives, guiding my team to greater heights and serving the village with all of my strength. I don't see much changing, and paperwork doesn't seem like a significant enough issue to worry about."
"Yeah, your grades were pretty sharp back in the Academy. You sound like you'll be okay. Unfortunately, with the village still in rebuild mode, there isn't much to talk about on the outside. You might have heard that they're investigating the allegations of the fake Kazekage, and they've pretty recently sent those three orphans back to the Sand under heavy guard. There are preparations being made to strike the Hidden Sound, now that their leader in Orochimaru is dead and gone. And then a bunch of unconfirmed rumours."
"Orphans..." I think about Temari and Gaara. Kankuro, I've interacted with a lot less...but the fact remains that they've lost both of their parents before they could even become adults. That has to be a heavy weight on them. I wonder what will happen as a result. But if Temari is as resolved as she said she was, and Gaara's change of heart was for real, then...I think they will make it in the end.
"Yeah. Shinobi life can be so harsh like that..."
"It's something we have to learn to deal with," Shikamaru says.
"Seriously? You don't just 'deal with' losing both of your parents before you even turn sixteen," Ino protests. "What if it was your mom and dad?"
"I don't know. I don't want to think about things like that."
Ino means to say something else, but notes the look on his face and lets it go. It's heavy on his mind as well, even if his wording was insensitive.
"You're all doing okay?" I ask.
"Pretty good. Dad's been working overtime 'coz of all the POWs that are piled up at Torture and Intelligence. He says Ibiki-sensei has been having the time of his life, though. I've met him a few times, and I don't really get it...he always seems so laid back, but then he enjoys himself making grown men cry." She gives me an amused look. "Actually, I should get it. Maybe it's that he's a guy...because you two are a lot alike."
"You think so?" I ask innocently.
She rolls her eyes. "Yeah. You definitely have to squint to see how you two are the same. My apologies, princess."
"Choji, how is your nose doing?" I ask.
"Just like new," he says as he reaches into a bag of chips. "They took care of it as soon as I got to the hospital. Thanks for asking, though. I was surprised that you could hit that hard, but that'll teach me to assume things the next time, haha!"
"You weren't a bad opponent, you know."
"Oh, thanks! Asuma-sensei's been talking about getting me some more training, and I've been wondering if it was worth it...but this helps with the decision."
I nod. "There's really nothing I could have done but overcome my fears and attack through that small gap. Part of my fighting style, using speed to take advantage of openings for critical strikes. As a more conventional fighter with more strength, I might have taken on a different approach."
"But you planned it, right? Don't give him the wrong idea."
"I'm trying not to, you twat," I say to Shikamaru. He groans and leans his head on a closed fist. "I suggest you not try to dictate how I give out advice. Damn slacker."
"You'd think that a stay in the hospital would've made you a bit more humble."
"People think a lot of things. They're usually wrong."
"I knew I shouldn't have come down here. You're a huge pain in the ass, and I was hoping they would at least have you on sedatives," he murmurs.
"No, I'm fully recovered by now. More than well enough to put my foot up your ass. How's that for pain?"
"Ugh."
"Heh. Should Choji and I leave the room so that you two can make out like you want to?" Ino asks with a smug smile.
"With this asshole?!" Shikamaru and I yell in unison.
Eventually Ino and her merry men leave, and are replaced by Shino who quietly arrives and sits in one of the chairs near my bed.
"Kurenai-sensei is doing a few mandatory tasks. She sends her greetings, Boss."
"Ah, that's fine. Tell her that I miss her. I was really hoping for an opportunity to do some light bullying, but I suppose that can wait a while longer. How have you been, Shino?"
"I've been well. Father and I helped defend the village along with the other members of the Aburame Clan."
"Is your mother well?"
"Yes. We escorted her to the evacuation point, and she has the ability to reliably defend herself as a member of a shinobi household." He pauses. "I'm sorry to report that information through the village has been limited."
"Ino said as much. It's fine."
"..."
"Shino. It's alright."
"It seems rude."
"Appearances are one thing, but feelings are another. I understand what yours are." I leave my bed and walk towards him, giving him a hug as he stands up. "Thank you for coming to see me, Shino. I'm glad you're safe."
"Thank you."
"Whether you become more outgoing or not, I will always appreciate your friendship." I release him and pat his shoulders. "The day is calling to you. Be well, my comrade."
"Thank you, Boss. I'll see you soon."
I nod and he makes his way out. Ruki enters soon after with a bottle of milk for me.
"He wasn't here long. I take it he's not a fan of social gatherings."
"Not at all."
"And of course, you're quite sensitive to that fact. Hm." She smiles. "It's interesting that you have all of these good qualities, while at the same time being a combat junkie and unrepentant flirt."
"Such is the way of the world," I say lazily. I take the bottle of milk from her and sip.
"Well, you would say such a thing. It's time for one of your favourite events. I'm going to check your height and weight again, among other things."
"Oh, good. I was wondering when I could strip for you again."
Ruki laughs as I fold up my blanket and place it on top of my pillow. I drink down my milk and hand her the bottle before we leave together.


Chapter 49
Scarlet Justice - ep. 49"Clarity"
"Heart rate and blood pressure are good. Breathing is good...chakra is stable. Everything seems great. You're ready."
Ruki puts the stethoscope back around her neck. This is the final check, and it seems that I've passed with flying colours. The last of my results came back yesterday, and as expected, they were all green. My week in the hospital is over.
"One more bottle for the road?" she asks before presenting me with a serving of milk. I smile and take it from her, putting it into my bag. It should make for something nice, since I'll be taking a short detour before going home.
"Thank you for everything, Ruki. Especially my clothing, since you didn't have to go that far."
"It seemed right, like a lot of things." She's washed and properly repaired my damaged clothing from the fights a week earlier, and procured a new pair of tights for me. I was planning to retire this outfit after my exam performance for posterity anyways, but the gesture is still lovely. I really will miss having her tend to me each day. It was a good experience.
"Thank you either way. Please be well, and think about what I've said. I think you two would be nice together."
"Yes...I'll have to gather my courage first, but I promise that I'll give it a try. Thank you, Lili. Hopefully we don't see each other too soon in this sort of setting."
"Of course." I slide down from my bed for the last time, and shake out my hair.
"Oh, a few things before you go. I wrote up some extra notes to help with your understanding of the CPS, and the relation of the pressure points to parts of the central and peripheral nervous systems. I'm not totally sure how much it would help, but I wanted to do that much for you before you left. There's other stuff in the folder, including copies of those research notes you asked for earlier."
"That's wonderful. I can't express how much of a help you've been," I say as I take the folder from her.
"Just padding my resume," she says with a smile. "I really would like to work alongside you one day, if at all possible. There's a lot about you that I like, honestly...I think you can change this village, and the world if you put your mind to it."
"Mm. My older sister has said as much. A lot of people have put their faith in me, and I think that many more will in the future. I don't want to let any of them down," I say. "So I'm going to work as hard as I can. I will be sure to call on you, Ruki."
"Then as I said before, I'll be waiting here for you. Good luck, Lili."
We share a warm hug, and I give her a wave as I leave the room for the last time. Passing by Tamayo's room, I see that there's a pair of doctors standing by her bed and talking to her. As per my instructions, she's been receiving the best care possible, and will be getting a proper procedure done soon. Ah, right...there's something I forgot.
"Oh, good. You were thinking about it too."
Ruki has caught up to me, and she holds out a card. I take out one of mine from an inner pocket, and we exchange our information properly. The location of her home shrine, and some contact information...good. We'll be able to properly connect like this.
"Copy that down for Tamayo, won't you?"
"I will. Thanks, Lili. See you around."
We give each other another wave, and finally I end up leaving the hospital for the first time in a week. It's around noon, and the sun is high in the sky. Summer...it's slowly fading into the autumn season as I speak. New things arriving...new adventures to be had. And a new sort of life to deal with as a jounin of the village. Kurenai is right there, so I can ask her a lot of questions and she'll answer them faithfully. But being an ace is different, in quite a few ways. So I'll need to ask Kakashi about expectations as well...a lot to do, but there will always be time to do it.
I start on my way through the village, taking a longer, slower way home than usual. The Leaf is just about back on its feet for the most part. Some ruined storefronts have been replaced by tents or portable stalls in the case of food shops. And people are out to support them, with gatherings and queues all over as I walk down the streets. The mood isn't as heavy as I thought it would be after the attack, which is nothing but a good thing. I feel myself straighten up a bit more at the thought that I helped. Things could have been a lot worse, but because I put my back into every action I took, the future really did change. And with this new position, I can do even more. I just have to figure out how best to leverage it...be clever, like Midori said a few days ago.
"It seems that you've surfaced in good health. Very pleasant to see."
A cool and familiar voice calls to me from ahead. Erika hasn't changed from the first time we met, and she tilts her head downward to acknowledge me. In the light of the sun, she looks even more beautiful. Her skin is well cared for, and has a lovely glow to it.
"Thank you. Have you been well, Erika?" I ask politely.
"I have been. The village has been successfully defended, and that was my greatest concern. More importantly, I have heard many things about your heroic actions for the sake of the Leaf. I humbly thank you for everything that you've done, Lilith Kobayashi."
"Lili is fine," I say to her.
"I understand...my apologies, but I don't feel worthy of being so familiar with you yet."
"That's alright. Please, address me as you feel most comfortable."
"Thank you for accommodating me. And another gesture that I hope doesn't make you feel too uncomfortable." Erika gets to her knees before taking my hand and kissing it gently, her head pointed downwards. "Thank you for your sacrifice. Your actions to save the Hokage went above and beyond what many other shinobi would have done. Not only putting yourself in harm's way, but acting to help defeat a powerful enemy. Showing exemplary skill and spirit at the same time. I cannot stand before you without praising this effort of yours, Scarlet Viper."
This really is a lot. I'm blushing, even if it's all true...I didn't expect to be praised so gently and sincerely as this. Really...
"Thank you, Erika," I say quietly. "I truly appreciate your praise of me."
"Of course. You deserve much more than this, but I decided that I would express my gratitude to you at the first opportunity." She gets to her feet and smiles. "I look forward to the heights that you will reach in the future."
"Speaking of good things, I assume you were the one who stopped Kabuto?"
"Yes. He was preparing to cast a certain genjutsu over everyone in the stadium. The first technique I thought of with such a quick activation time and wide area of effect was Temple of Nirvana."
"I've heard of that technique in passing," I say. "Hm. So it could have been a much worse situation."
"To say the least. Enough shinobi would be caught off guard to create a massive disadvantage, not to mention the amounts of civilians that would have been vulnerable to the ensuing crossfire. Thanks to your timely heads-up, we could locate Kabuto and the other operatives, then neutralize as many of them as possible before the invasion began in earnest. Unfortunately, I lost track of Kabuto during the ensuing chaos, and was forced to confront enemy forces before they could penetrate the perimeter. Tactical summoning can turn into a large problem. Also, I encountered cursed seal users from Orochimaru's faction."
"The four from the stadium?"
"Yes. Only two of them were present, unfortunately. I understand that the other two confronted Sasuke...a scan of his mind might help and has been scheduled, but there are restrictions on it as it is."
"Mm. I wonder if it really will help. But you've done much in the way of good work yourself, Erika."
She nods and bows quickly to me. "Thank you for praising me." She really is cute in her own way. One day, I hope I can casually pat her head like I do with Hina. "If you would like to be more familiar in the future...Rika is fine also."
"I was under the impression that you didn't like that name."
"It was the familiarity of it that bothered me...and the use without my permission."
"Ah."
"The crimson nightmare herself has awakened...rising from the depths of the underworld once more, to deliver vengeance unto her enemies."
Oh god. I forgot about him.
Erika frowns and looks up at the same time I do. Dark is floating in the sky above us, more specifically held up by his summon using his 'tactical hair spikes'. Eddie sets him down beside Erika before perching himself on his partner's head.
"The venomous legend returns. Rika, have you given her proper greeting?"
"That's no concern of yours. Also, please do not call me by that name."
"But the aesthetics..."
"No."
He sighs and turns to me. "How do you fare this day, Shadow Mistress? Have your wounds healed properly? Or...do you bear the scars of strife until the end of days?"
"I don't have any scars. I'm also fine," I say. "What have you been up to lately? You dropped out of the exams."
"An urgent summons from my Goddess. I cannot speak as to what took place, unfortunately. That information is a secret that must be kept in the highest confidence."
I look at Erika, who shakes her head.
"I am not privy to their activities myself. But the Hokage must have been aware and signed off on such actions. At the least, Dark performed admirably in his defense of the village."
"My power has grown considerably, thanks to my collection of dark essence from those enemies I felled," he says as he makes a fist. "I have brought honour to the Leaf, and to my Goddess."
"Your so called 'Goddess' wouldn't happen to be Kosugi-sensei, would it?" I ask.
"But of course."
"You do realize how creepy that sounds, right? It makes you sound like you're in some sort of illicit relationship."
He sighs dramatically, putting a hand over his heart. "I have no hostility towards you for such comments. You are simply unenlightened, Shadow Mistress."
"Unenlightened...I see. I'm not sure that I would ever be ready for the sort of enlightenment you've experienced."
"Not just yet, but at least you are aware."
"Yes. Unfortunately," I mutter. I also mean to tell him to stop giving me weird names, but that might be one of his weird reflexes at this point. Whatever. At least I have confirmation that Kosugi really is doing gross things with him. The extent of that however is unknown and it wouldn't be prudent to say anything without material proof. She might just be coddling him, and he's used his dramatics to make it seem worse than it actually is. Who knows for sure...but I do understand that they're just a bit too close for comfort.
Bothersome, that. The world of adults.
"I have purchases I mean to make for Mother. She's expressed her desire to create a feast, as part of our ceremony to call down healing spirits towards the Hidden Leaf."
"His mother is a very pleasant woman," Erika points out. "Somewhat excitable, but not...as imaginative as her son."
"Ah," I say with understanding.
"I must take my leave. Blood Serpent, we will meet again soon. Rika-"
"I will see you later, Koichi Nagano."
Dark shrugs as Eddie sits on his shoulder and tilts his head.
"Oh? You wish to speak to the Shadow Serpent, then."
"Scarlet Viper," I say, exasperated.
"Alright. I'll make my way home without you for now. Ladies, farewell." He throws down a smoke bomb for...seemingly no reason and disappears. The market isn't that far away, either...
"A walking disaster," I mumble. "No offense meant to you..."
"None taken, Princess." Eddie lands on my shoulder. His voice has a rich tone to it, deep and with character as it's projected into my head.
"Well, that's an interesting use of title. You seem to have some familiarity with the serpent kingdom. Do you know of my older sister?"
"News has returned from my own world, regarding the demise of the serpent lord Manda. We have been looking forward to a renewed partnership for a long while now. Your Empress has been gracious to us in the past."
"And she will continue to do so, I'm sure."
"Your name has also been spoken of, Scarlet Viper. The dark princess who challenged fearsome enemies and emerged victorious alongside her sister. My companion is not fully aware of this fact, however...those sorts of titles have come solely from his active imagination. I must apologize to you for any trouble he has caused."
"It's only a minor annoyance. Nothing to truly fret about," I say as I pet the crow's head. "Please allow me to introduce myself properly. I am Lilith Kobayashi, the Leaf's Scarlet Viper. Lili is also fine, if you would like."
"Very good. My full name is Edison Suneater, baron of the Suneater Family and squire of the Great Crow's Circle. Many call me Eddie, as my companion already does. For now, I am merely an apprentice within the kingdom. By gaining experience with Koichi, I hope to one day become a true knight."
"Admirable. And how did you come into your current...situation?" I ask delicately.
"The elders saw past my companion's eccentricities and declared him as one with great potential. As such, I was chosen to assist him because of my innate skill. Koichi is no doubt talented, but as you can see, he has many things he is distracted by."
"Indeed."
"I cannot speak to his current relationship with his instructor, but as Lady Kotowari has mentioned, it seems to be an unhealthy type. Unfortunately, I am prevented from intervening for several reasons, including my code of chivalry."
"Really. I would think you could break that code if need be."
"It would have to be truly dire straits, I'm afraid. It is also embedded in the contract that I not bring harm to a lady outside of combat. Many of my countrymen do not have such a restriction, but I am under specific orders as a knight in training."
"Mm. It sounds like a complicated life. But worth it as far as you're concerned."
"That is correct."
"Well, good luck to you in dealing with your chuuni partner. I don't doubt that he will eventually become a capable shinobi, but I hope he at least tones down his antics some." I sigh. "Now, I am under the impression that you had more to speak with me about."
"Yes. I did have a message to deliver to your elder sister from the crow community. Do you have a scroll, by chance?"
"I have one for use," Erika says as she produces one.
"Thank you, Lady Kotowari. Please hold it there for me."
"Understood." Erika opens the scroll and Eddie hovers in the air, his feet glowing with chakra. He then presses them onto the paper, and a web of seals spreads outwards. I feel him land on my shoulder again as Erika closes and ties up the scroll.
I concentrate and call Crim to me, who appears in a cloud of smoke.
"Princess! It's good to see you again!"
"You as well, Crim." I smile and pat his head. "I have a message for onee-sama from Sir Edison of the Crow Kingdom."
"I will deliver it post-haste! Sir Suneater! The heavens be with you!"
"You as well, my friend. Thank you for your assistance," Eddie says. Erika presents the scroll to Crim, who takes it in his mouth.
"Sir! Ma'ams! Take care!" Crim disappears again.
"A very enthusiastic fellow."
"To be sure," I say to Eddie. "And reliable as well. It was thanks to him that I could overcome the most dangerous enemy. I sense you have something else you wanted to relay."
"Something of importance...a certain summoner made their appearance in the village briefly before disappearing. I do not know his motives, as they deal quietly with their summoned companions. But it was a strong energy that I could not ignore."
"Is it someone you know?" I ask.
"Not personally...Koichi and I made an attempt to discern the nature and identity of the summoner, but they seemed to exit very quickly, for reasons that I cannot begin to guess at. It might be possible that this person, whoever they might have been, was wary of your elder sister's presence."
"A summoner scared off by Midori-nee...hmm. It's someone with an intimate knowledge of the world, then. But a powerful presence that can slip in and out of the village so easily must be rare, and therefore known to someone like the Hokage."
"Village politics, then."
"Yes. It would be prudent to stay clear for now. Midori-nee has decided to do as much, since her main objective has been completed."
"As expected of your Empress, a wise decision. I will follow suit, then." Eddie flaps his wings and rises from my shoulder. "I will be on my way for now. Lady Nagano will appreciate having someone at home to calm her nerves. Koichi has an abundance of energy at times."
"I've noted as much. Until the next, Eddie."
"Yes, until then. Lady Kotowari, I will see you soon."
"Yes." Erika bows politely. We watch as Eddie rises into the sky, gliding along the currents towards home.
"I should be on my way as well. There is work that I can assist with while I have the time."
"Be careful not to burn yourself out," I say to Erika.
"Thank you. Your concern is appreciated, Lilith...I look forward to the day where we can properly work together."
"I feel much the same. You seem very reliable."
"Thank you again. Please, take care. And congratulations on your promotion." She bows one more time before disappearing in a swirl of leaves. Seems she has a flair for the dramatic as well, but that's not always a bad thing. I finish the bottle of milk in my hand and toss it into the nearest container before leaving.
The walk home isn't too long. I wonder what things will be like when I get there.
I ascend the stairs as I always do. Tug on the small chain in my pocket to bring out my key. Unlock and open the door. There's rush of cool air that hits me as soon as I move to step in, and I close the door behind me before standing silently for a while. It feels as good as ever.
"I'm home."
I sigh and take off my sandals, having been met with silence. It looks like everyone's out, which is just fine. They have their own lives to live, after all.
"Oh, it seems like she's come home ahead of us. Luna, I told you we should have gone earlier."
"I'm sorry. I just...needed some time to recover. This is your fault, in a way."
"Mm. Well, I have to admit to that much..."
I stand and watch as the front door opens. Luna and Midori are carrying bags in their hands, and both give me big smiles as they see me.
"Welcome home, Lili!"
"It's good to be home," I say to Midori with my own smile.
"Let's get these bags put away, so I can give you a proper greeting." I help her with the remaining items, putting them in the kitchen before she scoops me up into one of her amazingly soft and warm hugs.
"I've missed you," I say to her.
"Oh, but I've missed you more. It's good to have you back with us." She sets me down and pats my head. "Crim tells me that I have a message, but it doesn't seem urgent. I'll read it a bit later. It's very good that the nobility of other kingdoms are taking notice of you, though. It will help a lot with my future plans."
"Will it?"
"It will, my love. Remember when I said that you've done more than you could realize? This is just the start of it. And I'll be here to guide you all the way."
"Thank you, Midori-nee."
"Of course. Luna and I were out to grab a few things, since we wanted to make you a special welcome home meal. It's going to be your favourites, and a little delicacy that I think you'll enjoy."
Crispy curly fries and salmon. Those sound amazing, even after Ruki gave me such an excellent experience in the hospital. You really can't beat the classics. Although...I wonder about this delicacy she mentioned. Is it snake food? Snakes eat rodents and even larger animals. I wonder if this is what she's trying to get me used to...
"Here we are. Be careful, it's addictive."
"..." It's a cake. It has white frosting all over the outside. I don't quite understand.
"Hmhm. I'll let you have a slice, so that you can truly experience this heavenly flavour..."
"Lady Midoriko, you shouldn't. You'll spoil your dinner," Luna scolds.
"Just a little bite, Luna."
Luna grumbles and puts on her apron, muttering something about spray bottles. Midori grins and removes the covering from the cake, then takes a knife and makes two close cuts to tease out a thin slice of cake. The inside is...red. There are the two layers, separated by a thick line of creamy icing.
"Let's have ourselves a taste, Lili."
I nod and open my mouth as she places a piece on my tongue with her fork.
"..."
"Well?" she says with a smile.
"..." I chew and savour the cake. Luna was right. This really will ruin my appetite. And my figure, most likely. "It's good. You were right. I think this might become an addiction."
"Told you~! Here, just a bit more-"
"No! Bad! It's almost dinner!" Luna seals the cake and takes the rest of the slice away from us. "Out until I call you to the table. Out, both of you! Out, out!"
We arch our backs and hiss at her as she waves her spatula around.
It really is good to be home.


Chapter 50
Scarlet Justice - ep. 50"Observation"
The village continues to hum along steadily. Homes are restored, and those that could not be are demolished so that villagers can start anew. But the big damage has been fixed by the end of the second week since the invasion ended.
Emi comes around and we eat lunch together at various points, with her complaining about this and that. Some things she carefully glosses over, and I make a note of not pressing her at any point - she really is trying, and I want to reward that effort, even if it came after a series of painful missteps. I know that she cares, and wants to make amends for everything that's happened between us over the years. It will take time, and I'm more than willing to wait for her.
Luna and Midori seem even closer than before, and spend more quiet time together after synchronizing their schedules to some degree. As a gift for my promotion, Luna has procured a pair of studio quality headphones, and I make good use of them during their intimate hours. The sound quality is superb. Alongside that, I finish a few of my RPGs, some books, and two seasons of the anime I was waiting on earlier. "Mahou Shoujo Celica-chan", a once niche little show that exploded in popularity last year. The star is a ditzy young girl who travels with a machine doll, and chases after the typical cool protagonist - a guy with a giant sword who dresses in red, and has white hair. They're regularly bullied by my favourite character, a small blonde vampire mistress who dresses in gothic lolita outfits. It's very fun. Erika follows it, and so does Ruki. I lent the first volume out to Ino, who seemed interested.
General missions are suspended for the time being, and only teams handpicked by the Hokage are leaving the village. Everyone else is doing rotating patrols, clean up, and construction. Team Eight has a few conflicts which makes it hard for us to move. Kurenai is an established jounin and is being used as part of an investigative team, as well as for interrogations because of her skill in genjutsu. Hina and Shino are both important to their clans, and so have been kept out of the way of anything that doesn't immediately pertain to clan business until the Hokage's orders are lifted. And in my case, I'm strictly off-limits - deactivated until further notice by the Hokage himself. For reasons that I can't begin to guess at, possibly political in nature, he does not want me moving around.
There are also other things afoot.
"So I have some more info about what's been going down. There's finally stuff filtering in from the Hidden Sand. Dad and the other old guys have been talking about it."
I start on the top coat for my nails as Ino speaks from the other end of the phone. The receiver is placed comfortably between my neck and shoulder, as always.
"So is it anything shocking, from what you know?" I ask her.
"Not terribly. I think you can draw the lines yourself. But it's good to have confirmation. So. Our friend from the Sand with the nice legs, as you like to put it."
"Temari."
"Yup. She was at the hospital during the invasion itself, trying to protect her little brothers. Gaara couldn't move, but Kankuro helped out some. They got taken into custody, but it was just a formality at that point, and the Hokage saw to them himself. The new news is that the Fourth Kazekage was murdered, and they found his body in a ditch with his bodyguards."
"Hm. What are the details you know of?"
"It happened before the exams started. Seems like Orochimaru was posing as him for quite some time, and engineered the alliance with the Hidden Sound without anyone raising suspicion. Kabuto helped out. The conditions were right, anyways...the Hidden Sand was really in a bad way."
"Just as Temari told me, yes. It would have been all too easy to force the village into a position where they felt they had to act, or they would cease to exist," I say as I put a clear coat of polish onto my finger. "Tragic, in a way. Our Hokage is quite good at negotiations, so I hope that the problem is solved in a timely manner."
"We're sending manpower their way, from what I've been hearing. They came out with a formal surrender and stuff is being hashed out as we speak. What's most important though is power projection and village security. The last thing we want is a bunch of unsavory characters thinking now's a good time to waltz in and attack. Oh, and the Sand is probably going to be helping out with something big next..."
"Something big?" I think for a moment. "Would this be regarding the punishment for the Hidden Sound?"
"You got it," Ino says. "Worst kept secret in the village: a full scale blitz to tear the whole thing down. The hold up right now is with that Kabuto guy. My dad and Ibiki want to stock up on as much information as they can, so they're still working pretty hard on the guys they've captured from the Sound and Sand, less so the guys from Sand with the whole surrender thing. They're spilling their guts now that we've settled the worst of it. Kabuto, though...you wanna talk big fish? Ha! Dad's saying it's a major, major, maaaaajor hassle trying to get anything out of him, and worse is that there's a bunch of geriatric football-"
"Geriatric football? You really are full of colour, my dear."
"Calling it politics is plain and boring sometimes. Gotta spice it up, you know," she says with a giggle. "But yeah, bunch of old men holding up a bunch of stuff and making it hard to do anything. Far as Ibiki says, it really should be 'fuck 'em and dive in'. Direct quote, by the way."
"Good that you clarified. It sounds just like you otherwise."
"Heh. Well, it's not far off...just don't tell my dad that. He thinks I'm still a proper little girl."
"Fortunate for you, yes?"
"Definitely useful. But...yeah. That's where we are right now."
I nod absentmindedly and examine my fingers once I'm done painting them. "These are all things we can manage properly with time. Oh, has anything come back regarding the results of the exams?"
"Yep. I think you and Shikamaru are the only immediate promotions right now. I was listening in on the chatter during the fights. Shino has a good case for his promotion, but there are a bunch of outside circumstances to consider including the fact that Temari held back because of the invasion. Ironically, she might get promoted because of the loss of manpower in the Sand."
"Seems a bit unfair," I say. "Shino created a very good strategy...even if there were outside factors, should those be factored into what happened during the fight itself?"
"Right, that's sort of the debate going on. I think they're leaning towards giving him his vest, and the Aburame as a group aren't bothered by the deliberations. It's been a really complicated time in the village. Shikamaru got his promotion, as you saw. Naruto...nope."
"As I thought. It was a good fight on his part, but as far as leadership and critical thinking went..."
"That fight was way too rough on both ends. Neji was overconfident and Naruto was reckless. So neither of them are getting the call this time around. Neji, though...because of the skill he displayed, there have been more than a few people interested in his development. Since promotion also happens outside of the exam period, we might see something happen. Nothing right now, though. And of course, everyone else didn't get to have a fight because of the invasion."
"Hm. So it's potentially just the three of us."
"Yeah. Which is a pretty good number, honestly. Apparently there have been years where nobody got promoted, even with the tournament going right to the finish. Those must have been a sloppy bunch of fights."
"Ino?"
"Yeah, what's up?"
I put a few foam spacers between my toes before starting to put the base coat on my toenails. "Have you talked to Sakura lately?"
"Once or twice." She pauses a long while on the other end. "I'm worried. She hasn't seemed like herself ever since that fight against those Hidden Sound goons. Those guys who were supposedly their elites...they were pretty strong and pushed Sasuke to the edge. I don't know much else besides that. She keeps saying she's okay, but seems...I don't know if distant is the right word. But it's like I can't really reach her the way I used to, you know? Maybe she's dealing with some kind of trauma and doesn't want to talk about it, or she's just really worried for Sasuke."
"It might be that. Naruto was saying similar things to me at the hospital."
"Yeah. I've been talking to him here and there, too. A little inattentive, but not as bad as he used to be. He can stand still for like, a minute now. I'm sure that's thanks to you, Lili."
"Maybe. He's a good child, and tries his best," I say.
"Yeah. He and Sasuke have that whole rivalry thing going on...they seem to have mutual feelings now, not like it used to be when Naruto was just chasing after Sasuke. That little blondie's really grown since we left the Academy. And then Sakura..." I hear her sigh. The line goes quiet again as I paint.
"Ino?" I call to her.
"Sorry."
"You have nothing to apologize for. It's alright, I'm listening," I say to her.
"I'm...I don't want to put this on your shoulders, Lili. I know how you feel about her, and about Sasuke."
"Ino. It's fine. I'm here for you. I want to help, so if you have something to say, then I'm listening, as I've said before. It's alright, and I'm not burdened by it."
"I just think that...I don't want to lose Sakura. I know that she's been doing her best, but it might not be the healthiest thing for her. She seems like she has a lot on her mind lately, and she's been hanging out with Sasuke a lot, and...I don't know. I want to see her grow up and be happy. Our rivalry over Sasuke isn't...a thing anymore, I would say. I don't care about that so much anymore. I want her to be okay. I don't want this spiral to continue, where she's getting so invested in Sasuke's well-being that she starts to stop caring about much else. In the forest, she...did that whole thing where she cut her hair, to try and be independent and not shackled by what she thought she had to do to impress guys like Sasuke. But I wonder if she's actually internalized any of it. I wonder if that determination is just being fed back into what she was doing before. I'm lost right now."
Not wanting to lose someone you care so deeply about...it's an understandable feeling. More than just understandable. Relatable. There's no easy solution.
"If you need any help, I'm here for you," I say.
"If...if you could help, that would be...good. I don't want to put anything extra onto you."
"You're my friend, Ino. I care about you. And if helping you means helping Sakura and Sasuke, then I'll do it without question. I can do my best to try and look out for Sakura, in my own way. I just need some guidance, since...my methods aren't the most delicate at times."
"Right. I can do that. I...thanks. Again. It's, um...it's awkward, this kind of thing. Feeling so lost when it comes to someone I know, or thought I knew."
"It's fine. As I said, as long as you can trust me, I can help you."
"Yeah. Thanks, I really mean it." There's a gap of silence again. "Did you pick up your new jacket yet?"
"Not yet," I say. "That might happen this week, though I suspect I'll have it in the closet for most missions."
"You've got something planned out, eh?"
"Mm-hm. Something cute I saw in a magazine. I had Luna place an order the other day at one of the local shops. It should be done soon."
"Nice, nice! Make sure you give me a call when you want to show it off!" Ino says, sounding happier already. "I've been thinking about outfits myself, but I dunno about changing too dramatically until I get my own promotion. Hopefully in another six months...I think the way it works is if you have a teammate or two that have already been promoted, they slot in some others so that you have a couple of three man units going. Of course, you can always opt to go in as a pairing, or even by yourself."
"I heard that's how Itachi Uchiha did it."
"Yeah. And he was ten years old. That's super crazy, I can't even imagine how you would do something like that."
"I don't think I could pull something like that off either," I admit.
"Now you're just laying it on thick. I bet you could have finished the Forest of Death in like, twenty minutes if you didn't have to worry about teammates. Lili, you're super good at this whole shinobi thing. Don't sell yourself short."
"I'm not that good yet," I insist.
"What's with you? Being all modest with me all of a sudden..."
"I'm not being modest, I'm being realistic. No need to puff myself up so much. Though it's just like you to take an opportunity to tease me," I say with a smile.
"We know each other a bit too well. Anyways, I'll let you go for now. I've got some stuff I want to look after, and I'm sure you have plans for later."
"Movies with Hina later on," I say. "Doing my nails so that they look nice. We're going to one of the smaller theaters, where they have those independent features playing."
"Indie films?"
"Hina's into them."
"No kidding...hm. The more you know. We totally need to plan a lunch date one of these days. Also, one more question."
"Anything you like."
"I've been wondering...what's Erika like? Have you talked to her much?" Ino asks.
"She has a very composed exterior, but is quite friendly from our interactions. Though she doesn't talk much, she responds politely to any questions or comments you might have. And she has a high tolerance for foolishness, as you might guess."
"Oh, she has to. Can't imagine spending more than five minutes with that weirdo before losing my mind otherwise."
"Did you need something of her?" I ask curiously.
"I...well, I wanted to get a better pulse on the village and thought she could help. So seeing if she was more approachable than I assumed would be good. And I'm just sorta curious about her in general. Nothing serious, really."
"Hm." I wonder a bit about that. Maybe I can bother her another time. "Happy that I could help. We'll talk later, yes?"
"We will. Lili, thanks for everything. Make sure to take care of yourself, alright?"
"As long as you do the same."
"You know I will. Love you~!"
Ino hangs up and I set the receiver down gently. Things will be okay...I want to believe that with all of my heart. But there's something tugging at me gently.
"..."
I really might have to pay Sakura a visit after all.
"Miss Lilith?"
"Come in, Luna."
She opens the door and steps in. "I hope I'm not bothering you. And you could have asked me to help with your nails."
"I wanted to do it myself today. It's a clear coat this time."
"Oh, lovely work. Would you mind lending me that bottle later?"
"I have a few unopened ones, so you can have one of those to keep. Did you need me for something, Luna?"
"I simply wanted to tell you that lunch is nearly ready. Will you be eating?"
"Yes. I'll be out as soon as the polish dries. Thank you, Luna."
"My pleasure as always. I'll see you in a bit."
I nod and hug my knees while waiting for the nail polish to dry.
The rest of the week passes with little fanfare. I get word that Shino's promotion is still being debated among the upper brass, which I'm sure will bother him just a little. But he'll get his chance soon, I know it. It's a bit unfair, as I told Ino, but there's really nothing that can be done other than waiting. We talk about it over the week as we meet up to play football at one of the local fields. The Aburame men like to use it to keep up their skills and socialize. There isn't a lot of talking, which is fine as far as I'm concerned. Shino seems okay with how things have ended up, and resolves to work harder so that he can prove himself.
Hina and I meet up a few times for dinner and movies. The 'indie' films are her favourites, with the generally lower production values that put more focus on the scripts and acting. They're tighter sorts of affairs, and I find myself getting drawn in as well - I was never a fan of big movies or the theaters they were played in. Dinners are light and fun, where we gossip and gush about girly things. It's all very refreshing, especially after the chaos that passed over us a week or two ago. The Hyuuga have taken note of me, and are straightening up after hearing of my exploits. Not enough to truly respect me, but enough to maintain a proper facade in public when they do see me. I resolve to do the same, at least for Hina's sake. An interesting thing is that Neji has also seemed to change considerably, according to Hina. He even went as far as apologizing for the things he had done to her in the past. Kind girl that she is, she insisted that he didn't need to beg forgiveness, but he's determined to make it up to her. It's such a dramatic change that I wonder if he's being blackmailed, or something similar. Very curious.
I haven't seen anything of Sasuke...the last time we were in proximity of each other was nearly two months ago now. That report from Naruto was worrying, and Ino's talk about Sakura more so. If I'm not going to see Sasuke, I might as well get some sort of information from his de facto girlfriend, since they're apparently very close by now.
Today is a painting day for Luna. She prepared lunch and dinner before leaving, and I will leave those for now while I take on my little errand. I find a silk shirt and some jeans to throw on, a pair of decent slippers, and a scrunchie to tie up my hair for the day. Nothing fancy, just a bit of simple work before returning home and resting for the day. Sakura should be midtown today, if Ino's predictions are right.
"Senpai. Pardon my interruption."
"Hm?" I've crossed through the village only to have someone call to me. I know that voice, though it's far more respectful than the first time we met.
"Oh. Neji Hyuuga, isn't it?"
"Yes." He bows to me. "I hope I'm not bothering you at this time, senpai."
"It's no trouble, I was just going out to look for someone today. Senpai is a bit much, you know. Lili is fine. Or Lilith, if you want to be fancier," I say as I put a hand on my hip.
"Thank you for that. Although, I feel that it would be better if I used a more proper form of address for you, senpai. I wanted to apologize for the way that we first interacted, at the chuunin examinations. It was entirely too bitter, and unbecoming of a member of the Hyuuga Clan. I beg your pardon for my unacceptable actions on that day." He bows very deeply to me, his head pointed towards the ground.
"Ah. It's fine," I say while blinking. He really has changed. It's...stunning, frankly. What the hell happened between the exams and now? Did Naruto's fist knock something loose in his head? Or...is it that I was right after all, and there really was more to that story than we heard? I'm very curious, but I'd like to catch up to Sakura while I can. That answer can wait a while. "Thank you for your apology. It's kind of you, and very humble."
"I appreciate that," he says as he lifts himself up again. "I've heard about your promotion, and your exploits in the battle to save the Leaf. I...admit that I had a certain image of you, senpai. I expected news of it to be more widespread."
"Fame is interesting...but not entirely for me. I have my reasons for keeping quiet about these things."
"Would it have to do with your...inclinations?"
"A good way to put it," I say with a smile. "But I imagine enough people know about that side of me by now. The elites do, at least. Tsume makes sure to note that she's watching me, for Hana's sake."
"Ah. I...sorry, I didn't think you would be so open about it. Interesting," he muses. "So Lady Hinata's recent boldness...hmm..."
"Is everything alright?" I ask.
"Yes, it's fine. I hope I didn't take up too much of your time, senpai. I wanted to give you my congratulations for your recent promotion, and apologize for how I acted towards you at our first meeting."
"Water under the bridge by now. I did take it personally, for many reasons..."
"You can rest securely from now on, senpai. I will devote my life once more to making sure that Lady Hinata does not come to harm. Even from Hyuuga itself."
I smile. "Well said. We will be wonderful allies with that alone. Until the next, Neji."
"Until the next." He bows once more and gives me a smile before leaving. What an interesting child he is...the darkness in his heart has seemed to clear. He's found something, definitely. I just have to find out what...maybe it's the key to changing Hyuuga for good. Something to chew on later. Right now, I should make sure that Sakura is still in the area. I track her scent down to one of the fruit shops, where she's out front looking over the oranges.
"Sakura," I call out. Her head turns, and she spots me as I approach.
"Lilith..."
"I was out for a walk and saw you. It's been a long while."
"It has been. Why...did you want to talk to me?" she asks. I note her hair is minimally taken care of, and there are faint lines under her eyes.
"Well, there are no ulterior motives, to start. Reports have been coming in from our mutual friends and acquaintances. I assume you know of these people."
"Yes."
I hand her my thin wallet. "There's one card in there to use. Buy what you need and come back. I don't want to hold you up."
"I don't..."
"I know you don't want to take advantage. But I would like to be of help. Think of it as an exchange for your time, if you would like."
"Alright...thanks." She takes the wallet from me and grabs a few oranges before heading back inside the store. It's another fifteen minutes before she returns. I take my wallet back and we split bag duties.
"Are you going to see Sasuke?" I ask as we walk.
"Later on. This was shopping for home...I volunteered to do it for Mom. Just needed to get out of the house for a while."
"I see. Are you alright? Have you been alright lately?" I ask.
"I...it's been rough."
"..." It won't be delicate, but I've never been terribly interested in that sort of thing. And I don't think Sakura needs delicacy right now. "I know about the curse mark."
"Huh?"
"Kakashi must have told you there was one other with the same condition."
"..." She sighs. "Mitarashi-sensei."
"Yes. She doesn't have answers, either. Just a much greater willpower and comfort within the village. Sasuke, unfortunately...he's lacking in both. Because of his youth, and the mission he's taken on."
"You're...not wrong."
"How is he doing?"
"He's...quiet. Just not himself. Not low energy, but unwilling to do much unless I drag him outside. The curse mark almost took over his body the last time. We did a mind scan together, and it helped with identifying some of the Sound attackers. Not much to talk about, really..."
"I see."
"Is it...self-interest?" she asks.
"What is?"
"The reason why you called to me. Why we're talking."
"It's part of it, yes. People that I care about are concerned about you. It would be good to see you well," I say as I look into her eyes. "But my humanity compels me to help you as well. Feelings of dependency and helplessness aren't foreign to me."
We stop at an intersection, and she reaches out for the bags. I give them to her gently.
"It's...it was good that that you reached out. I just don't feel like talking much. Sorry."
I nod.
"See you around, Lilith." She walks down the street silently, bags in each hand. Her motion is steady and controlled, to the point where she seems like a moving doll.
I really do hope it's nothing serious...that it's something she can overcome soon. Sasuke may very well be counting on her. I don't have the tools to fix any of this...
"..."
I feel my stomach rumble a bit, and decide it's time to head home. Tomorrow is another day...another opportunity to make things right. Today...I'll rest.


Chapter 51
Scarlet Justice - ep. 51"The Cold Corner"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Prologue]
"At last...it's here."
I feel my body burning up, my chakra starting to run low. It's shifting into night from evening, and I decide that I'm truly done for the day. Yes, it's enough. A satisfied grin spreads across my face.
These weeks without work have been an opportunity. Not just to rest properly, but to experiment in all the ways that I wanted to. My experiment that I started on in the hospital was a success, and I've reached a new level of strength. Beyond that, I've improved my killer technique even further with new options.
There's the log lying on the ground, cut cleanly into two pieces diagonally. The scorched earth of the training field, and marks from where the ground has been raked by bolts of lightning. All of that is my handiwork. Yes, I'm ready. Definitely ready to prove myself like never before. Though...I don't wish for an opportunity just yet. You tend to get more than you ask for in those cases. A peaceful life is more than fine, if it comes to that in the future.
"I'm home."
"Welcome back, Miss Lilith. I'll rewarm your dinner," Luna says as I step inside.
"Thank you. Oh, it's been a long day." I sit at the table and wait for my food to get warm again, tapping my fingers lightly on the top of it. "Any messages for us?"
"None today." Luna sets a plate in front of me. Tuna and rice with vegetables. "It hasn't been a terribly busy day here, in fact. Lady Midoriko is still away for the time being...though she's been quiet as to what it is she's doing, which is unusual."
"Hm. Might be something dangerous," I say as I pick up my chopsticks.
"It must be so. Still...I do worry sometimes."
"That's only natural. You've become a lot closer lately."
"We have, yes. I find myself having outrageous thoughts...not in the way you're thinking, just dreams, I guess you could call them."
"Those are fine, aren't they?"
"Yes. But you know how I am. I don't want to get ahead of myself."
I raise a brow towards her. "Those dips in self-esteem are what's concerning. Men would fight each other to the death for a taste of you."
"Miss Lilith, that's too much," she scolds.
"Oh, come off it. You saw the way that Toad Hermit looked at you the other day."
"It would be a lie to say otherwise...I didn't just see it, either. I felt it," she mutters.
"Exactly. And beyond that beautiful body of yours, you have a wonderful heart. You have every right to dream as big as you want. Don't feel so guilty about these sorts of things."
Luna moves to clean up the stove. "I shouldn't be leaning on you for things like this."
"Because I'm so young."
"That's most of it."
"Yes, well...we live in curious times. Relying on a young girl for relationship advice is no stranger than her being paid to kill men with her bare hands, far as I'm concerned."
"You have a point. Thank you, Miss Lilith. I'll remember your words."
"Try to. And I'll be here to remind you if you do forget. As many times as it takes, without question."
She gives me a smile. "Of course. You've always been gracious like that, and I'm forever grateful."
I smile back before starting on her delicious meal.
The restrictions are lifted. After a bit over three weeks, Team Eight can finally come together for a proper meeting. General missions are starting to resume, and we meet at the training field this morning. I dress in the standard Leaf outfit for the day, a dark sweater with red spirals on each of the shoulders, and pants that go down to my ankles before stopping. It's nice every day wear, so I made sure to order several more copies of the outfit to mix and match as I want.
"Ladies, gentleman. Today I am proud to announce my promotion to jounin. I am now officially an elite shinobi of the Hidden Leaf Village."
My comrades clap joyfully at the news.
"Congratulations!" Hina says, her eyes sparkling.
"Hm. Good work, Boss," Shino says with an approving nod.
"Well done, Lili. We're the same rank now...that's amazing. But that's not the only thing...it also means it's my win against Kakashi!" Kurenai says with a smile. "Asuma accepted a draw on his end, but I might be able to drag something out of him for the difference in rank..."
"A year's supply of liquor, then."
"Yeah. I'm gonna make that scarecrow buy one item for each day in the week, just to be merciful. I don't think his wallet should take too much of a hit...not that I care," she says with a smirk. "I see you haven't picked up your vest yet."
"Oh, I have it at home. I simply didn't want to wear it today. It doesn't seem like we're going to be doing too much, and I want to see if it suits me."
"Fair enough. There's nothing scheduled for today, so you guys are free to do what you like after this. No sense in doing anything else...they're having us upper level shinobi running around because of the loss of manpower. We didn't take a huge hit, but people did die because of the invasion. There's also the goodwill effort with the Sand to consider." Kurenai closes her eyes. "The Fourth Kazekage might not have been the best father, but he was a hell of a leader. I don't think anyone else save for our Fourth could have held a village together with such thin strings."
"The Hokage is also sending aid, isn't he?"
"Yeah. All sorts of humanitarian stuff, basic food and goods...hopefully the Sand builds on this, because this is a big risk the old man is taking on the world stage. It's why we have to run so many protection missions. Kakashi was also muttering about something worrying, but I didn't get all of it. Must be above my pay grade."
"Sensei, are the rumours true?" Shino asks. "Apparently there's a search going on for the Fifth Hokage."
Kurenai shrugs. "Probably. Who knows how long that could take, though...it's possible that the Third could die of old age before a new candidate is approved. They would have to be someone extremely special to get in right away."
"It would be interesting," Hina says. "I wonder...who would be able to take up that role?"
"Kakashi's name has been bandied about in such discussions, which says a lot on its own," I reply. "But it's likely to be one of the remaining members of the Three Shinobi. Orochimaru was once a candidate, but Minato Namikaze was chosen over him. Maybe that made him bitter...who knows for sure. The remaining choices are Jiraiya, the Toad Hermit of Mount Myoboku, and Princess Tsunade Senju...the Founder's granddaughter."
"Ah...I see. She would be a great candidate."
"Her only problem is that she hasn't been around in years, and nobody really knows where she is now. Midori-nee said that if it came down to it, Jiraiya would track her down." She's also told me something else, but I can't talk about it to anyone other than the Hokage. That must have been what Kakashi was muttering about.
It turns out that Eddie had the right idea. The person who was affiliated with his kingdom and breached the Leaf's defenses so quietly and precisely was once a member of the village. An elite member of the ANBU. He returned to the village as a warning to the Hokage and the upper brass, to say one thing.
'I'm alive.'
Watching them, and all of us. But he was also no fool, and took note of Midori's presence inside of the village. Because of that, he backed away and did nothing else. That person...the one who Sasuke has been chasing after his whole life. The Shinobi Academy's all time second place scorer. The prodigy of a fallen clan.
Even as I am...I don't think I'm ready to take on him just yet. I have to work harder.
"Anyways, I've got a meeting to get to. Small thing, but necessary. You guys take care, alright?" Kurenai says. She takes off a moment later.
"Are you thinking about training, Boss?" Shino asks me.
I shake my head. "Nothing like that. I'd rather get some administrative things out of the way first. Apparently your promotion is still in limbo?"
"For now, yes."
"That has to be annoying."
"My father worked something out. I can accept higher grade missions as compensation, since they're convinced the debate will end in my favour."
"Oh, that's good. Sorry that you can't do the same, Hina."
She smiles. "It's alright. There will be other chances, and being rich has its perks."
"Heh. Good to see you're in high spirits. Yes, there's always tomorrow to climb into. Actually, as far as admin stuff goes...we can go over the basics together. It's terribly simple, and I don't understand what makes people whine so much."
"It might be the amount," Shino says as we start to leave the field.
"That can't be it. You can cheat really easily, and on the fly. You see, if you arrange the reports..."
"Oi, Kobayashi."
I turn my head to see Shikamaru approaching. He looks about the same as ever, save for the new flak jacket that came with his new position. But...his expression is oddly serious.
"Shikamaru. Something happened," I say reflexively. "What is it, what's wrong?"
He gathers himself and rubs the back of his neck. "A couple of people...found Ino lying near a stream this morning. She was there all night," he says evenly.
My head is filled with noise. "What...?"
"Right now, she's in stable but serious condition at the hospital. She..." He pauses. "She fought her hardest, but ended up beaten to within an inch of her life by what looks like multiple attackers. She was unconscious and lost about a quarter of her blood."
My throat feels so dry. I can barely speak. "Ino...but why?" I'm shaking. "Why...?"
"I have no idea...that's what I said to myself before I got here. But on my way, I ran into Naruto."
"Naruto. Is Naruto...?"
"He's fine, physically speaking. He told me that he hadn't seen or spoken to Sasuke or Sakura for the past week or so. They had barely interacted since the invasion. There's nothing to suggest that Sasuke or Sakura would do such a thing to Ino, but...there's no trace of either of them. Sakura would have been one of the first people at the hospital to see Ino. It has to be connected to them..."
"Fucking hell. They're gone."
"Gone?" Shikamaru asks.
"They left the fucking village. The only other option is that they were kidnapped, but it's not likely," I say.
"Why would Sasuke leave?" Hina asks. "Something...something isn't right. And Sakura, I understand her devotion to Sasuke...but even that doesn't explain..."
"Do you really think...what happened to Ino had something to do with that trash?" I ask Shikamaru, my voice shaking.
"From all the evidence I've collected, it really seems like it. Choji...he hasn't opened a single snack since he found out. He just sits there by her bedside, waiting until she wakes up. Not eating, nothing like that. It's scary. Asuma-sensei has been out on a mission for the past two days...he's scheduled to be back in a few hours..."
Who...just who would do something like this? What the hell...is this? Ino, I just talked to her, I was...I can't make sense of it all.
Sasuke...it's his fault. It's all his fault. Maybe he didn't put his hands on Ino, but it's just as if he did. If she was trying to stop him and Sakura from leaving the village, he caused this. He did that to her. But where the hell could he be going? Orochimaru is dead, we killed him. He was the one tempting...
'The legacy'. Did that toilet-mouthed bitch from the Sound really get to him? Lured him away from the village with some promise of power? I don't know...I don't know anything. I just know that I feel sick. And that I...I really want to kill something. Right now. I...it's so hard to keep my composure...
"I wanted to let you know about it as soon as I could, Kobayashi. She talked about you a lot...I just figured you were close," Shikamaru says.
"She's...a very good friend of mine," I say as the tears come down. I can feel Hina rubbing my back to try and calm me. "Something like that happening in the village...it's too much."
"I know."
"Shikamaru...we have to put our heads together on this," I say as I sniffle and wipe my tears. "I know you feel the same as I do...you want to get those bastards and tear them apart."
"Yeah. I do. We'll figure something out. Listen, I'm gonna go over to the hospital and check on Ino. I'll see you."
He leaves, and I take a moment to try and get the sorrow out of my system.
"Ino...something like that. It's so horrible," Hina says. "Who would do such a thing...?"
"Whoever these people are, they seem to have no regard for human life. The intent was to let her bleed out on the ground," Shino says. "Boss, I know you want to look into this right away. We shouldn't get so deeply involved yet, not until the promised time."
"Shino's right. We're not quite in the loop yet, and it might be distracting because of our clan responsibilities," Hina follows. "It's in another dimension right now...we will be here when you need loyal soldiers to put an end to this, Lili."
These two...they've gotten incredibly perceptive in the past while. I still feel numb, but I look at them with confidence and nod to acknowledge their thoughts.
"Yes. Thank you. I know what I want to do right now...we need to act with speed and figure out what's happening with Sasuke and Sakura. I'm going over to Intelligence so that I can mine some information out of a certain person."
"Please...nothing too rash," Hina pleads.
"I promise. I won't do anything too extreme."
"Okay. Good luck, Lili."
"We'll see you later, Boss," Shino says.
I let out a breath and make my exit, sprinting across the village to a certain area. The Torture and Intelligence Division, where many prisoners are being held and interrogated. It's not a building that looks particularly imposing on the outside, but that seems to be the point. I head towards the entrance.
"What's all this...what do you need, kid?"
I look up to see a few men congregating around the entrance. One or two are smoking. They're dressed in same sort of grey outfits that I saw at the Chuunin Exams...it seems that they're all part of Ibiki's crew. That makes sense.
"I would like to speak to your CO. Is he in?" I ask politely.
They're all silent for a moment before bursting into derisive laughter.
"What? Listen, just because you use some fancy terms doesn't make you a real soldier, little girl," one of them sneers. "Come back with your sensei and we'll see what we can do for you."
"She's busy. I would like to speak with Ibiki. It's important," I say.
"Oi, oi...don't get cocky. Maybe you're some rich brat who has a shinobi daddy, that doesn't mean you can act familiar. Beat it before we exercise our power as seniors," another man says.
"Scram, kid! This ain't a playground!"
"Ah...you're all hardasses, then. Interesting," I murmur. I don't have time for this, and my day is already ruined. I can't think of anything else but Ino as my murderous intent starts to flare up-
"What's going on out here?"
The door opens, and Ibiki steps outside. His gaze falls to me, and he looks happy.
"Hoh, great timing. I was going to ask someone about you."
I smile and let my anger settle. "It really is good timing. How have things been?"
"Ah, you know. The usual crap. These guys lately have been going down in one hit, just one after the other. We're making a lot of progress as a result, but...it's boring, you know? Little things."
I nod. "That's understandable. Hard to enjoy the work when you can't even get a rhythm going."
He points towards me. "Yeah! See, I knew you'd get it."
"Boss? What's...going on?" one of the chuunin asks. They're all confused by our exchange.
"Hm? What's with the look?" Ibiki asks. He then raises a brow while looking at his men. "Oi, don't tell me you were trying to bully her just now..."
"Sorry, we didn't know this kid knew you, and..."
"Kid? What's wrong with you? Show some damn respect, you idiots," Ibiki says.
"I guess they don't know. I must apologize, I almost cut loose on them myself."
He sighs and rubs the side of neck. "Damn. Then it really was perfect timing."
"Boss, even if she's some snobby girl-"
"Hah?" Ibiki makes a face. "Girl? Snobby? No, you dumbass. She's the Scarlet Viper I was telling you about. A jounin. She outranks every one of us standing here. That's why I said to show some goddamned respect."
"..."
"I have a favour to ask of you. Shall we go inside?" I ask Ibiki.
"Yeah, let's do that. I had something I wanted to ask you myself." I stroll inside past the stunned onlookers and follow Ibiki as the door closes. "Sorry about that. It's what happens when you try to make soldiers out of hooligans."
"It's alright. I know they work hard, or else you wouldn't keep them around."
"Heh. You really should join Intelligence."
"Perhaps when I get to the Hokage's age..."
We go through the building towards an elevator. Ibiki presses a button once we're inside, the doors close, and it starts downwards.
"I'm guessing you heard about what happened to Ino."
"Yes. It's why I'm here. I wanted to ask if you would let me see Kabuto Yakushi."
"Kabuto, huh. We've been at it for weeks with that guy...he's not an easy one to crack."
"I figured as much. Orochimaru's right hand."
"He wasn't at the crime scene. What kind of information did you want out of him?" Ibiki asks me. The elevator doors open and we step out, walking down a long corridor side by side.
"If Ino was hurt...I think it had something to do with Sakura directly, and subsequently would involve Sasuke. Those two haven't been seen in about a week."
"We've heard that much. Kakashi's been sidetracked with missions and won't be back until later today, unfortunately. Whoever did it knew how to defeat the security surrounding the village, which I'm guessing they learned from Orochimaru."
"We need to find out exactly what it was Orochimaru wanted with Sasuke," I continue. "He's dead, but from what Anko-nee told us the brands haven't disappeared. It wasn't just a bid for control, or else Orochimaru could have taken Sasuke, and he would have kept Anko by his side. It's something to do with compatibility...I just don't know what, exactly. I'm still missing pieces."
"I see...you've thought this out."
"Just on the way here," I admit. "It's nothing conclusive."
"You shouldn't be so modest, let your head swell up once in a while, eh?" Ibiki says with a smirk. "In any case...there's someone waiting for us up ahead. She's ANBU, so it's okay."
"Mm."
We stop in front of one door out of the many that we've passed in this quiet corridor. Standing beside it is indeed a member of ANBU, a woman with a cat mask and long violet hair. She removes the mask and shakes her hair out, revealing a pretty face with chocolate brown eyes.
"Good morning to you both."
"Good morning," we reply in unison. The woman extends her hand towards me.
"Yugao Uzuki." We shake warmly.
"Lilith Kobayashi. Lili is also fine." I feel like...there's something about this woman. Hm. Let's test it. "What do you think of Kosugi-sensei?"
"Kosugi...she's...mm." Yugao seems to be searching for a proper answer.
"It's alright, I understand. You don't like her either, as you reported to Hayate-senpai."
She looks to Ibiki. "Where did you find this girl?"
He shrugs. "Yeah. I'm wondering if she's from our world myself."
"Well, yes. Hayate and I are an item. And she really is a cradle-robber, doing those kinds of things with her student. That's really...really gross," she says while making a face. "But all that aside, it's nice to finally meet you, Miss Prodigy. I came out so that we could head off another shady character, so I wanted to gain your trust first."
"Understood. Your secret is safe with me."
"Thought you would say that," she says with a smile. "Ibiki's pretty discerning like that. It's Danzo Shimura we need to be wary of. Him and his organization, ROOT."
"Shimura...ROOT. An illegal army?" I mutter.
"Yes. He won't meddle directly if I'm here, but...with your proximity to the Hokage, you might be seen as a threat. We need to extract the necessary information from Kabuto and close this case up as soon as possible - this has honestly taken too long for my comfort. And for some reason, Danzo is very, very antsy about Kabuto. I first assumed, like anyone else here, that it was because of Orochimaru's history with the ANBU and ROOT back when it was under the purview of the Hokage's Office. But...it looks to be something deeper than even that," Yugao says.
"He hasn't said much of anything since we've put him in there," Ibiki adds. "Lili here thinks we should start with the plans Orochimaru made for Sasuke. He's on the run by now."
"So I've heard...the curse mark, and everything relating to it. So how will we do this? Genjutsu?"
"Not likely to work. We've tried a mind search already and it's a damn labyrinth in there. Inoichi is honestly the only guy who can crack something that complex in such a limited time, but there's no way he's coming back to work right now. Ino's fighting for her life...poor kid. Can't believe someone did that to her," Ibiki says angrily.
"Inoichi...that poor man. He must feel horrible, yes. I would rather let him heal before trying to take on something this difficult," Yugao says with sympathy.
We don't have much in the way of the usual options. But...if I play my cards properly, genjutsu and mind searches won't be necessary to deal with Kabuto. I need to think like Midori would...making power moves. No time for anything else.
"There's something odd. He seems to have gaps in his memories, but they're not all intentional from what Inoichi has mentioned in his reports. He's done work as a spy in the past, right? Before Orochimaru."
"Operating in other countries as a member of our ANBU, yes."
"..." Something to exploit, possibly. We'll see when we get there. "We're moving. I want Ibiki to follow me inside. We'll do this cleanly and look for the best solution. I have cards I can play...we did meet in battle a few weeks ago, after all."
"Understood. I'll keep watch out here," Yugao says as she puts her mask on. "Good luck, Lili."
"Alright, let's do it. I'll back you up if you need anything, but it's your show, Scarlet Viper," Ibiki says.
"Understood. Let's begin." I nod and Ibiki unlocks the door. I stare straight into a small room with a table and three chairs that have arm rests. Nothing else but concrete walls and a single hanging light. Ibiki closes and locks the door behind us while I move the table to one corner and position the remaining chair to face my subject. Close enough to properly see each other, far enough for room to react in a emergency.
Kabuto raises his head, a smirk etched onto it. His limbs are bound to the chair he sits in, the exact same the rest in the room. Aside from his messy hair and a few bandages, he doesn't look too bad. The only thing missing is his pair of glasses. He wears a set of plain grey clothing with slippers on his feet.
"To what do I owe the honour?" he asks in that smooth, disarming tone of his. "Ibiki Morino, head of Torture and Interrogation. And the Hidden Leaf's Scarlet Viper herself, Lilith Kobayashi. Or...is Lili fine?"
"It certainly is," I answer with as little tone as possible. "Have you eaten?"
"Not yet," he answers. "And I am getting a bit hungry."
"I see. Ibiki, I'll have what he's having."
"Oh? You're sure about that? It's prison food, you know."
"I am quiet sure. They've fed you pretty well, I know that much is a fact," I say as I observe his skin and limbs.
"Heh, perceptive. The food here is pretty nice, actually...what was the reasoning you gave the other day, Ibiki?" Kabuto asks.
"Feed a man well, and he'll sing you an opera. Can't expect someone to cooperate with you if you feed them garbage all day," he replies.
"An interesting strategy. Good way to gain trust."
"Ibiki," I say. "Do you have this man's glasses with you?"
"Yeah. You want them?"
"Yes, please." Ibiki hands me a cloth case, and I take out the glasses. I use the small cloth inside to clean the lenses properly, then place them on Kabuto's face gently. He takes a moment to adjust his eyes as I sit down, arms on the rests and one leg crossed over the other.
"This is nice. Was this also to gain my trust?" he asks.
"No. I just want you to see me clearly...Kabuto."
He tries to catch himself, but I can see his eyes widen and his body tense at the sight of me. I let my murderous intent slip out slowly, making it wind around his form. He can feel the weight, like a serpent set to bite into his tender flesh.
This isn't a videogame. I don't have time to deliberate or guess at the right strategy. Inoichi is out, Ibiki has been stumped for a long while, and I doubt Yugao, as skilled as she is, would be able to make any further breakthroughs. Kabuto is our best shot for so many different things, but I need this. I need to get Sasuke and Sakura back...I need to pay the human garbage that hurt Ino, tried to kill her, back a hundred thousand fold.
Be decisive, like my older sister. Tear straight through, like I did to Orochimaru.
"Let me get straight to the point," I say as I keep my pressure up. "Last night a girl named Ino Yamanaka was found bleeding and unconscious near a stream. She died this morning of her injuries...this is why you probably haven't seen Inoichi Yamanaka today."
"The Yamanaka kid...?" Kabuto's brain is moving.
"She was beaten by unknown assailants. But that's not the end of it," I continue. Straight ahead. "The body of Sakura Haruno was found just outside of the village later in the morning with the same kind of blunt trauma. Her cause of death was reported as internal bleeding. She and Sasuke Uchiha had been reported as missing by their teammate-"
"Naruto Uzumaki," he finishes. "The Nine-Tails kid."
"So you know them."
"We met during the second round of the exams. Sakura...she was intelligent, but lagging behind her teammates. Sasuke and Naruto would continually push each other. Even then, I could see they had built up a bond with each other. Naruto was definitely influencing Sasuke, and vice-versa." He pauses before looking at me. "You think Sasuke did these things? To Ino and Sakura?"
"No."
"So why come to me?"
"Because everything is connected."
"How?"
"That's what you're going to tell me, Kabuto. I want to know what your master was planning to do with Sasuke. That brand was not for a pointless reason, and he could have spirited Sasuke away at any time. But he elected to have 'the legacy' secured instead. What reason was there for that?"
"..."
The only thing I can do now is wait. I don't have a hand to play that will definitively force him to give anything up...it's going to be dependant on him and how he wants to go along with it. Shattering him here might make it easy to probe his mind later, but that might take far too much time for one session, and Inoichi is in no shape to work. My best bet is to grab the information now and track down Sasuke and Sakura before it's too late. Enough time has passed.
The bait with Ino and Sakura's deaths has been set, and it seems like he's chomped down. There's a lot to consider...with the Yamanaka head out, it could mean more torture or worse treatment. It might mean hell to pay when Inoichi does come back. And then there's the fact that Orochimaru is dead, and he has nobody to go back to. He might very well die in this place if he doesn't speak.
But the biggest threat...the one he's most afraid of...is me. Ibiki's playing his part well, and seems more than willing to let me cut loose if things start to escalate. I pull up more anger and Kabuto starts to sweat, knowing that there might be trouble coming. I helped put an end to Orochimaru, the S-Class criminal who terrorized the Leaf and conquered countries, who assassinated Kage, who brought the dead back to life, who was on his way to becoming an immortal.
Playing these cards is all I have, and I'm going to bluff the ever loving fuck out of this boy until he folds in terror.
I hear him let out a faint breath before returning his attention to me.
"Lord Orochimaru told me that the best way to become myself...was to absorb knowledge and build on it," he says wearily. "It seemed perfect. I was really good at what I did, and a strong soldier. But...in the end, I lost to love and justice and something silly called 'fighting spirit'. I lost...hahaha. I lost to a combat maid. A woman with two butterfly knives and murderous intent."
"..." Luna. Yes, I remember. The woman who performed a stunning, blessed dance for the village, all for my sake. An angel above all else. Even now, she is providing me strength.
"Lunamaria Daidouji. A name etched into my memories," Kabuto continues with a wry smile. "I realized, then and there, that Lord Orochimaru's method for me was meant to make me nothing but a doll. A plaything for his amusement and a tool for his whims. That's all it really was in the end." He sighs. "He had no real use for me as an individual, as a human being. So...I've got nothing better to do. Ask whatever you please, Scarlet Viper."
I did it. Thank the heavens above, it's done.
"As you say, Kabuto. I want to give you a chance. We should let the Hokage decide what to do with you," I say to him calmly.
"No...if there's anything that I want...it's to see that woman again. The red-eyed killer who felled the strongest colossal serpent...Princess Ryuuchi."
"..." I turn my head to Ibiki. "Would that be possible?"
"I can run it by the Hokage. He'll most likely OK it, anyways. You know how he is."
"Indeed. Then it can be arranged, Kabuto Yakushi. With my blessing, you will be able to see onee-sama."
"Ah...haha...hahahahaha! Really! You're her little sister, for real! No wonder your murderous aura is so pure...to be honest," he says with a smile, "you're more oppressive than Lord Orochimaru ever was."
"Don't compare me to that trash," I growl, leaning forward in my chair. "Never in your life compare me to him..."
"Hahaha...you see?" he laughs nervously. "You're really terrifying when you're angry. Definitely terrifying..."
"..." I pull back and let out a breath. The light above us slowly swings before Ibiki moves to steady it. Kabuto is an interesting child. Pushing my buttons like that...perhaps he's the scary one here. "I suppose we can end the banter and get to important matters. Shall we begin?"
A knock on the door interrupts us. "Looks like the food's here," Ibiki says.
I sigh. "Rough timing on their part. Send it in, we can continue after a break."
"Alright." It's easy to forget that I'm not just making requests from this position, I'm giving out orders unless clarified. But maybe that sort of quality is why Hiruzen picked me for this position. Ibiki and Yugao are following me faithfully, and Kabuto seems to respect my authority enough to start spilling his guts. I'm getting things done under pressure. Hopefully that continues.
"Kabuto, you can't move your hands as you are. Maybe I can sit on your lap and feed you as a courtesy," I say to him.
"Hehe...I would rather move my own hands, if possible. I don't stand a chance against the two of you in here either way, and my chakra's been suppressed," he says with another smile. "And beyond that, it's unfortunate...I'm not into little sister play, or things of that nature."
"Mm. Shame. It's always nice to expand your horizons," I say in a dry tone. Ibiki sets the food on the nearby table and locks the door after the other guard leaves.
"True. But I heard about some of your other exploits, and of your nature. As much as I would try to resist, you would break me eventually. There's a lot you can do when you're liberated from social norms. Some illusions, some subtle touches, a whisper in the ear...I think you can put any man or woman under your spell as you are. I'd hate to see what you could do to someone once you became a full-grown woman."
"Observant, aren't we."
"It's part of what I do. This conversation's refreshingly casual, considering you could kill me at any moment."
"Go figure." Ibiki delivers our trays to us, and I dip my spoon into the bowl of stew. "You're sure you don't want me to feed you? Last chance."
"Maybe another time," he jokes.
"I meant it when I said it was the last chance. You're aware that I like girls, aren't you?"
"I noticed that aura about you."
"Have you heard of something called the 'lesbian aesthetic'?" I ask.
"Briefly." Ibiki undoes the restraints on Kabuto's hands, and Kabuto takes the opportunity to adjust his glasses. "It's something popular among upper-class women over thirty. Apparently it's how they keep themselves safe from the emerging 'lesbian sexual predators' out in the sticks." He stirs his bowl of stew lightly. "It's as stupid as it sounds. There's no such thing."
"I thought as much. What about you?"
"A wife would be nice, one day. I have my doubts about it happening."
"Heaven has its whims," I say. "You shouldn't count yourself out just yet."
"Heh. Calling me handsome?"
"Don't read into it too much. I'm just saying that a girl desperate to have a dick put in her could do a whole lot worse than you."
"Vicious, isn't she?" Kabuto says to Ibiki.
The older man chuckles. "Now you see why I like this kid."
"Indeed."
Today's meal is a bowl of fresh beef stew with vegetables. It's complemented by a sandwich made from a warm, soft bun. There's a small bowl of tangerine slices, yogurt, and juice on the side. The two of us eat in silence. I offer Ibiki my sandwich, but he politely declines.
As we finish, the trays are removed and set on the table. I dab at my mouth with a silk cloth.
"That really was good," I say. "Well...shall we begin now, Kabuto?"
"We can. I should reward your restraint and general hospitality."
"Losing two of my comrades has made me very numb," I say. "I just want to get to the bottom of this so that I can vent my frustrations properly."
"You mean on Sasuke?"
"I don't mean him...but he'll get his at the promised time."
"Heh. Alright..." Kabuto folds his hands and leans forward in his chair, considerably more relaxed than before. "Those brands on Anko and Sasuke are called the Cursed Seal of Heaven, one of our two strongest seals. The other is called the Cursed Seal of Earth, and only one is in use at this time...maybe. Simply put, those seals operate by taking chakra from the user and converting it into a special type of chakra that transforms and empowers them. They're made from the enzymes of a certain young man who underwent frequent transformations himself, and came to Lord Orochimaru willingly for a cure. As you can guess, there are risks...the seals erode the user's sanity with each use. The only way to exercise more control is to advance the seal to its second state. Only a select few of us know the method."
"What else?" I ask.
"Lord Orochimaru's goal was ultimately to learn the secrets of jutsu...all jutsu. No human being has enough of a lifespan to do all of that, so he created an immortality jutsu of sorts. By taking over the body of another, he can transfer his soul and all of his memories whenever needed. But there was a perpetual problem. Every three or so years the bodies would reject him, and he would have to find a replacement. More than anything, he wanted a special body...the prime candidate we had before was willing, but he has a terminal illness. With that body, Lord Orochimaru might have been able to kill even that woman...possibly, based on rough projections. In any case, he changed targets. Think about it for a moment, Lili...a sturdy body with an ability to read all types of jutsu at a glance."
"So that's why. He wanted to tempt Sasuke to come to his side. Sasuke's obsession for power is slowly consuming him. And his mission...he wants to kill Itachi Uchiha," I say.
"That's exactly it. Itachi was also a thorn in our side, so it would have been like killing two birds with one stone. Furthermore, Lord Orochimaru believed that even if Sasuke's body rejected him for some reason, he would have gathered more than enough data to replicate his genetic material for continued use. But our projections showed us that Sasuke had the perfect body for our needs. His compatibility with the Cursed Seal is proof of that."
"It explains why he left. A lust for power, for revenge...he would go that far because of his fear and hatred. The news that Orochimaru died must have reached his ears...but the only other person to contact would have been you, as that man's right hand. Where would he go?"
"That's your dead end...yes, I see." Kabuto straightens up and adjusts his glasses. "They were here with us. The Four."
"The Four...?" I think for a moment before it clicks in. "The four freaks that tried to set up the barrier. The ones that were sent to 'secure' Sasuke during the invasion."
"Yes, them. They're known as the Sound Four, and they also have curse marks. Since they're alive and escaped the carnage from what I know, they must be behind this on Lord Orochimaru's orders. I wouldn't know exactly what they were sent to do."
"From what I've been hearing, they were planting all sorts of suggestions in Sasuke's head."
"They're your best shot when it comes to tracking him down. Given that they were the Sound village's elites, they would have knowledge on how to get in and out of the village without being detected. It's likely that they came upon Ino and Sakura, and decided to eliminate them so that the authorities wouldn't figure anything out until it was too late. Sasuke leaving...they wouldn't just kidnap him, since they need to gain his trust for the ritual to advance his curse mark, and to participate in any further research. But with Lord Orochimaru gone...their endgame is unreadable. I suspect they would have come back for me at some point, since I have a lot of valuable knowledge that would help advance Sasuke's development."
"So they're responsible for what happened to Ino and Sakura," I say.
"Yes...it must be so."
I close my eyes and think for a moment. Sasuke is probably leaving for the Hidden Sound with Sakura. Ino tried to stop them, and was beaten by the Sound Four. Sasuke is trying to gain power, so he's been tempted by a promise to advance the curse mark. Ino's condition is bad...Kabuto is a gifted medic from what I know. But...I also know he's the enemy, and will be looking for any opportunity to escape, even if he has cooperated thus far. He must know it, too. Using that as bait won't be helpful, even if it means Ino recovers that much faster.
Play another card.
"Kabuto. There's more than one base. The Hidden Sound is spread out over several different areas," I say confidently. That I can't know for certain, but it's a good guess with Orochimaru being an S-Class criminal who frequently dabbled in forbidden research.
"You really are a genius. Yes...I suppose there is. What leads you to think such a thing?"
Easy does it. "Human experimentation isn't looked upon kindly, especially not in a capitalist-dominated area like the former Rice Country."
"You're right about that as well. I'm still planning to get out of here at some point, but...well, I've given up plenty already, and you promised me a meeting. I'll tell you about a few of the bases we had set up. Probably not all of them, though. I have research materials that are pretty precious."
I nod. "I can live with that. Science is your romance, I suppose."
"Something like that. Well...are you ready?"
I'm on my way. With this breakthrough...I can take everything back.
And I swear on my life...I will take all of it back. No matter how much blood I have to shed.
I focus and stare into Kabuto's eyes.
"I'm ready. Go ahead."


Chapter 52
Scarlet Justice - ep. 52"The Avengers"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Prologue 2]
A few more hours pass before I bid Kabuto farewell. I would uphold that promise to see Midori, though I wonder what ideas he has on his mind...but that would be dealt with after the current mission was completed.
The Hidden Sound is not just one village, but multiple bases in various countries. The main stronghold in Sound Country, once called Rice Country and a significant area for Kobayashi Rice. It holds most of Orochimaru's vital items. Hidden Grass, meant for field testing and battle training. The Southern Base, containing many different prisoners and unique wardens to hold them all in check. The Northern Base, truly massive and the largest of all sites where human experiments are conducted, most notably with the Cursed Seals. And the Eastern Base, closest in terms of distance and also home to many secret scrolls and research materials.
It's a long road ahead to solve this mystery. Sasuke will have to be searched for very soon, but there are other things to worry about. Kabuto wasn't direct about it, but there might be a possibility of Orochimaru being revived at one of the sites mentioned. That really can't be allowed to happen, which makes the number one priority destroying as many of those bases as possible. The planned punishment for the Sound has to be escalated into war, and that's going to create logistical problems all the way down. We don't have the hands on deck to do everything we want to.
"That was solid work," Ibiki comments as we leave the room. Another guard is on standby with Yugao. I signal to her and she exchanges bows with the new guard before catching up.
"You guys got something?" she asks.
"More than just something. Lili here made him sing like his balls got chopped off," Ibiki says to Yugao.
"That sounds impressive enough, if a bit vulgar."
"Self-preservation. I took a few gambles to start with...he thinks Sakura and Ino are dead, and that along with the resentment he already had for his old master opened things up. But he has no home to go back to, and no reliable allies that will come before the wrong people get to him. I didn't press on his relationship with Danzo Shimura, but he had to be considering it along with everything else," I explain.
"I kept hearing people go on about your lack of experience, but that doesn't seem like any sort of issue," Yugao says, sounding impressed. "It's like you were born for this role."
"Staying cool under pressure...something I learned from my older sister. I can't imagine I would get too far without that." I go over the information in my head once more. "Let's get everything we've learned to the top while it's still fresh. Kabuto didn't reveal everything, but he was incredibly generous considering his position. He could have easily taken these secrets to his grave."
"Why do you think he didn't?"
"Someone like him also wants to live life. And spite for your old employer doesn't help, either. I imagine the people who harvest rice on behalf of my father and his cronies feel much the same way."
"I've got a great retirement package lined up," Ibiki says with a laugh. "The Third knows his way around a business."
"Indeed. Shall we advance?" I say.
We reach the Hokage and inform him of what we've found. The room is quickly secured and we have a secret meeting, sorting through as much of the information as possible, debating important points from four sides, and making predictions about where to go next while forming various strategies. It's only as night falls that our meeting comes to an end, and we all agree to return here in the morning with extra personnel.
I head home without stopping, going through everything in my head again and turning it over, just in case I missed something important. Nothing else comes up as I reach the front door and step inside.
"I'm home."
Luna is out late this time. Probably somewhere with Midori...it's fine in any case. I take a hot bath to get rid of some of the stress and listen to some music while I eat in my room. After washing up, I get ready for bed. Tomorrow is going to be a very busy day.
Morning again. Luna wakes me up, showing me her loving smile.
"Good morning, Miss Lilith."
"Good morning." I yawn and get myself ready for the day quickly, changing into a copy of my outfit from yesterday. It's been nearly twenty four hours since Sasuke and Sakura left. But we can't be reckless...we have to make a plan and then execute it if we want any chance of stopping them, and whoever they might be traveling with. Sasuke will need a guide to one of those bases, I know that for a fact.
"There's been a terrible commotion about the village today. I went out to get some eggs at the market nearby earlier, and shinobi are moving to and fro, preparing for some sort of operation," Luna remarks as she sets breakfast in front of me.
"Anything about Sasuke?" I ask.
"Nothing, no."
"That's a good thing...I'll explain things eventually, but he's caused some trouble again that has a relation to the commotion you've been seeing."
"I see. It must be serious. Lady Midoriko and I were taking care of business yesterday, in the kingdom. We added my name to the royal register after it was approved by members of her transitional council."
"Mm. Things are escalating, then. You're officially part of the serpent world, then."
"It seems so."
"Was that the secretive thing she was working on?" I ask.
"I don't believe so. There's definitely something else that she's keeping away from me. I wonder just what it could be...well, I can press her a bit when she comes over for lunch..."
"You can muse on that a while. I'm off," I say as I finish eating and peck her on the cheek quickly. "Thank you for another wonderful meal, I'll see you later."
"Should I make lunch for you?"
"I'll be back for dinner at the earliest, so don't worry about me before then," I say as I check my pockets. I have everything, and there's a detour I simply have to make. "Take care, Luna."
"Goodbye, Miss Lilith!"
I close and lock the door behind me before heading off. An important person that I have to check in on, no matter what...yesterday I could excuse myself with the high drama and sudden reports, but today is different. I have to see him. I can't imagine how much he must be hurting on the inside.
As I move further downtown, I find a couple of friendly merchants that I helped out on earlier missions within the village. They all recognize me and give me discounts as I shop. My mission pay goes into buying what I need, and then I continue on to my destination, bags in hand. It's not far from here...a small, shabby little apartment that I've seen once before. I give the front door a few light knocks.
"Hm...Lili?"
"Yes, it's me. Might I come in?"
Naruto nods and opens the door wider to let me in. He's still dressed in his pyjamas, rubbing sleep from his eyes. The door closes behind me and I set my bags on the wooden table. I wash my hands and immediately get to work. First, something to drink. I pour a glass of fresh apple juice, and start on warm cocoa with marshmallows. Naruto trudges to the table and sits quietly, watching as I move around his kitchen.
"Breakfast is okay, right?" I ask.
"Y-yeah. Sure," he replies timidly.
"This place is quite clean. Was it your doing?"
"Oh, nah. It wasn't exactly like that before...um, a few people came by. Hinata was the first one...she's really, really nice, you know? The kitchen was kind of a mess since I tend to forget and do everything in one shot once it piles up. I didn't want her to do anything, but she started before I could stop her. And then I offered to take her out for lunch, but she ended up buying for me, somehow. Heh...she was really good to me. I remember talking to her before the fight with Neji, I think I told you about it. Can't believe I thought she was just some weird. Stupid of me, seriously," he mutters. "She's a good and honest person. And strong as hell!"
"..." I thought about pushing things along, but it never did seem like the right thing to do. It looks like he's slowly coming around on his own, though. I think Hina would be satisfied with that much.
"Shino came along, too. I still think he's weird, but...he's a surprisingly nice guy. And then Shikamaru came to check on me for a bit, and Iruka-sensei, and...um, the lady with the dark skin. She reminds me of a cat, for some reason...Erika! That's it. And Kiba came around, and that Ghost the Black guy with his pet bird," he says as I set his cocoa in front of him. I turn back to the stove, where the oil is already heating up in the pan. "And Kosugi-sensei. And super-thickbrows-sensei told me to keep my spirit up. And Pervy Sage came around to talk. And then I shared leftovers with Konohamaru, Udon, and Moegi afterwards." He pauses in thought. "I didn't realize how many people cared about me..."
"It's a nice feeling, isn't it?" I start on the eggs, cracking them open with one hand.
"Yeah, definitely. Really good. I was thinking about Gaara. You know, how he was alone for so long...forced to kill to prove that he was even alive and junk. I was almost like that. It...wasn't all that far away, I gotta admit. We talked a bit since I ended up near the hospital at one point, and his big sis needed some help. It's all thanks to Grandpa Third and Iruka-sensei that I ended up like this, and not like he was. That I got a chance to escape the loneliness and darkness. And after meeting you, Lili, my world got a lot brighter. O-oh...um, is it okay if I have scrambled eggs today?"
"Anything you want," I say with sincerity. I scramble the eggs quickly in the pan and add a proper amount of seasoning. "What else would you like, Naruto?"
"I'm okay with whatever...I mean, not to...I mean...just whatever you think of is fine, I don't mind..."
"Understood. Sit tight and I'll give you something good." I toast a few slices of bread and cook the meat that I bought earlier. A few vegetables, another egg to scramble, more seasoning. I finish, carefully plate the food, and bring it over to Naruto along with his juice. He's already salivating from the aromas.
"W-wow..."
"It's all yours. Eat until you're full. I'll be here to cook some more if you want."
"Haha, I think this is more than enough. Oh, what about...?"
"I already ate breakfast. It's fine, I'll have tea," I say as I raise a mug.
"Oh, okay. Right, you live with Luna...I bet she makes great eggs herself," he says as he starts to munch on breakfast.
"She's good with everything, pretty much."
"Mm-hm." Naruto is so busy stuffing his face that he goes silent, save for his chewing. It might be the first time that's ever happened outside of Ichiraku's. I'm happy that he's enjoying the food so much, and I sip at my tea with satisfaction. Soon enough he finishes and covers his mouth to stifle a belch, looking embarrassed.
"S-sorry. That doesn't happen a lot, promise..."
"It's fine," I say with a smile. "I think that's very high praise, considering everything. Did you like it that much?"
"Yeah, yeah! I really did! That's the best breakfast I've had in...forever. Yeah. Can't remember anything that good."
"That's good to hear. It's what friends do, right?"
"I guess so...heh, it feels like something right out of the TV, like one of those anime."
"I think I see what you mean..."
"The childhood friend, coming over to cook breakfast for the guy she secretly likes..." He looks at me and wiggles his eyebrows. "Trying to tell me something, Lili?"
"That you're an idiot and you have a chance at me like a snake has a chance of growing wings." I sip at my tea and raise a finger. "Not flying, though. Snakes can actually do that, in a way."
"O-oh! No kidding...?"
"Midori-nee told me about it the other day. If snakes can flatten their bodies enough, they can slither through the sky," I say.
Naruto's eyes float to the ceiling in thought. "Hmm...that sounds neat. If you...uh, catch those current thingies, in the sky, maybe you can fly like a bird...hm. Ah, it's alright. Looks like I'm meant for someone else after all, and not someone so pretty it makes other girls pull their hair out. Hehe..."
"Flattery is always acceptable," I say with a smile.
"Ain't it? But I'll always like you, Lili. I really mean that, even if it's not 'coz you're my girlfriend or anything."
"What about Sakura? Did...you want to pursue her, still?" I ask delicately.
"I...hmm." He furrows his brow in thought. "I think...I'll hold out hope that she'll love me back one day, maybe. But it's not the smartest thing. I know...I know that she's given herself to Sasuke completely by now. Leaving the village with him was proof enough. I mean, I know that I'm way better than that loser Sasuke could ever be! It's not a big deal...sometimes girls just need time to come around, and all that. Right?"
"You might be right about that."
"Yeah. Just...giving it time." There's a melancholy smile on his face. "I just gotta hope that she'll snap out of it one day and notice me. I hope both of them snap out of whatever it is has them doing these crazy things."
"..." I don't want him to keep holding it in.
"Leaving the village. Stupid of them. Really dumb, but I think they'll realize their mistake and start changing. For the better. As much as I gave him trouble...I...I don't hate him, you know? I never did. I just wanted him to see me, to acknowledge me as a rival. And when he did, when he told me he wanted to fight me at the exams, I didn't care about much else. Maybe that was part of the reason I could beat Neji."
He lifts his mug with a trembling hand and sips at his cocoa. As the mug goes back down, slowly, I can see him. He looks so...heavy. It makes my heart ache.
"Sasuke...he put my life before his, back on that bridge. And it hurt so much, thinking that he was dead. I just lost control. I've never felt like that towards anyone before. He's an idiot, a total moron, but I never wanted anything bad to happen to him. I never wanted...anything like this to happen. Not that curse mark thing, not him getting beaten up by that creepy snake man, not...not looking like he was about to cry in front of all of us. I never...never wanted people to get hurt, or disappear. I'm scared for Ino because she got hurt so badly, and I'm scared for Kakashi-sensei when he gets back, because he tried so hard, he tried to help Sasuke this whole time as his teacher..."
"Naruto..."
"I know he has something he wants to do, I know that he has that mission, whatever it is, but I don't...I don't know. I just don't get it. Lili...?"
"Yes, Naruto."
He turns his head to look at me, tears falling from his eyes. "Why?"
"I'm...I'm sorry. I don't know," I reply quietly.
"I just...I just wanted a chance to say those words to him. I wanted to say it...I wanted to tell him that he was...that he was my...my..."
I stand up and walk to his seat, reaching out. I pull him upwards and into me. He wraps his arms around me tightly, and...lets go. Cries like he's wanted to this whole time. It's painful to listen to. It makes me feel like I'll sink through the floor because of the weight. But I put a hand on the back of his head as he sheds tears, my fingers nestled in his hair. As heavy as it feels, I pull him closer. I let him slowly sink into me.
It's not for the first time...that I've come to this understanding. I love this boy so much.
I know what I must do, for his sake. My desires...my feelings. They could never matter in this moment as much as his.
"You are a sweet, wonderful child," I whisper to him. "You are a precious light that has come into my life. Beautiful and warm."
"..."
"I hate him. I think that he's trash...I think that he deserves whatever horrid fate he runs into," I say as I hold Naruto against me. "But...I love you more than I could ever hate him. I am going to reach into the beyond and bring him back here, to this village. And then, you can say those words to him that you've held inside for so long. He is your friend, your brother, and I will risk myself to save him. Just for you."
"Lili...I..."
"Naruto. I love you. I want to see you grow, and I want to be by your side. I want all of your dreams to come true. You're going to become Hokage one day, just as you said you would. And because I love you so much...just as I am the Third Hokage's sword of justice, I will become yours, here and now. Call on me...say my name into the wind, and I will be there for you. I promise on my soul."
I feel him squeeze me closer. I can't help but start crying myself...feeling the pain in him, the desire to make everything right.
"Can I...do it now?" he asks.
"Yes. I am yours to command."
"I'm not...even if I wanted to...I can't. It would...hurt so much to try. Please...bring back my friend. Bring Sasuke home, Lili."
"Yes, my love. As you wish."
We slowly let go of each other, and I wipe his tears away.
"Thank you..."
"You have such beautiful eyes. I want to see them filled with happiness, and not despair. That's why I'll do whatever it takes."
"It's...so much."
"And you are worth every drop of effort." I kiss him on the cheek. "I don't want to leave you, but...there's an important meeting I have to get to."
"Yeah. It's...probably to do with Sasuke, right?"
"Among other things. It's getting serious, so...be ready for anything."
"G-got it. See you, Lili...you can come by any time that you want, okay?"
"I'll be sure to." I pull on my sandals and start to leave.
"Wait a sec..."
"Naruto?"
"I...said it before, that I'm probably not the best guy for this. Sasuke's got a strong jutsu, and that curse thingy...and then Sakura's there. And Pervy Sage said yesterday that it wasn't a good idea to chase after them...but I got a list of guys I think would work out."
I nod. "Give me their names. I'll take everything into consideration at our meeting. I'm a jounin now, after all."
"Oh, right...I actually wasn't thinking about that, you know? Hehe, that helps. Okay, so I was thinking..."
I'm going to keep my promise to Naruto. Even...if it means crushing Sasuke completely.
The Hokage has the special meeting in his office, and we're joined by familiar faces. Ibiki is busy putting the information gathered yesterday to good use - and probably having fun while doing it. I wonder if he'll ever make use of that retirement package, since shinobi that are useful don't have to retire, strictly speaking.
Yugao is here, sans mask. Hayate has certainly done well for himself, though I know he's a skilled shinobi in his own right. I might be a little jealous that he has such a pretty girl as his lover. A little. Maybe. Shikamaru is here, looking much less distressed than yesterday. That hopefully means Ino is doing better. Erika has joined us, with her considerable battle power and precise attitude. And Anko is here, too. One of the Leaf's foremost tracking and infiltration experts...and it's only fitting that she help erase her old master's legacy, once and for all.
"Sorry we're late," I hear from behind me. Jiraiya arrives with Kakashi. That should be the last of this small party. Many others will get their orders after this, and will begin to mobilize.
"It's no trouble at all," Hiruzen says. "Now that everyone is here, I'll be as concise as possible. Based on the information that we've received from Kabuto and other soldiers of the Hidden Sound, we have the locations of their bases. It's likely that Sasuke has left for one of these areas to gain information on the curse mark and increase his abilities. All of you in this room know about his intended mission...to kill the man responsible for the massacre of the Uchiha Clan. Itachi Uchiha."
It's also presumed that all of us would be able to at least survive an encounter with him. Hopefully it doesn't come to that.
"As a result of these circumstances, we will need to have several branching operations at once. We have possession of Orochimaru's remains, but I would like them to be sealed as quickly as possible. This presents a problem when it comes to analysis. Our current level of expertise isn't high enough to properly extract and analyze the secrets of his body in a prudent manner; a project of this scope is projected to take months, if not years at our current rates. Therefore, I would like to find and retrieve one of our village's greatest assets-"
"With a great set of assets herself," Jiraiya says, nodding.
Hiruzen tilts his head down and coughs conspicuously. "Yes, noted. I would for us to search for Tsunade and have her return to the village as soon as possible. Hopefully the news of Orochimaru's passing will compel her to come back, and she's being scouted as a possible candidate for succession." He smiles. "I would also hope that a plea from her old sensei wouldn't be rejected right away."
"I know we're not exactly a democracy here, but I'd like to volunteer myself for that journey if possible," Jiraiya says. "More than that, I want to bring Naruto along and work on him some more. He's an interesting new egg, and I think he can learn some good stuff along the way."
"You're sure that these are things we want taught to him?" Yugao asks boldly.
"Oi, don't get smart all of a sudden. What's wrong with me, the great Toad Hermit, teaching him?"
Kakashi has a look on his face that says 'everything'.
"There were impressive results as we saw in the Chuunin Exams," Hiruzen muses. Ah, so it was Jiraiya's doing...well, that speaks well enough to his credentials. Naruto has definitely grown in the past two months or so. "That opportunity should be considered. The remaining missions involve assaulting each of the Hidden Sound bases that we have located, meaning we will be leading large forces into battle. And finally...the location and recovery of Sasuke Uchiha and Sakura Haruno."
"It couldn't have been more than a day or two since they left, if their households gave any indication," Kakashi says. "I told Sakura's parents that she's gone missing, but not any of the details just yet. They took it as well as any parent would in that situation..." He lets out a breath. "We'll still be able to track them by scent, and they're still green...if they meant to make as much distance as possible, their ability to hide their tracks will be diminished. And if they decide to slow down to hide themselves better, that just makes it easier for us to catch up and scan the area for them. It's probably going to be the first thing, if I have my wits about me still."
"Has Ino woken up?" Hiruzen asks.
"Not yet, but she's breathing on her own," Shikamaru says. "The docs said she should be awake by tomorrow, and she's being taken care of by someone pretty skilled." He looks at me as he says that, and I nod in understanding. Ruki is still being as wonderful as ever...nothing surprising.
"We should check on her before leaving for the mission related to Sasuke," Erika says. "Along with solidarity, there are practical reasons...there's no doubt that she saw something important on that night. It seems to be the only reason that she would be injured so badly and left to die."
"I doubt it. Even if it was something minor...those sadists would have tried to kill her anyways for sport," I say.
"I see..."
"So...how exactly are we gonna split this thing up?" Jiraiya asks. "We've got a couple of people who can track here, some good fighters..."
I've already decided that I'm leading the mission to bring Sasuke back, if the Hokage allows it. And he probably will, based on our connections. But I need to make a good case. I can pretty easily take most of the people in this room and go after those two; it might be a short mission in the first place. But elites are in short supply, and we're also going to be launching attacks on the Hidden Sound bases to dissuade Sasuke from approaching them. I can't drag manpower away from those things. Jiraiya is set on looking for his old teammate, and he'll be taking care of Naruto, who has agreed along with me that he shouldn't be going out there - he's not ready at this stage.
The best way to do this...bringing adequate manpower without sacrificing the strength of the village. Naruto had the right idea with his list. I'll make a few tweaks to it...six is probably too big, and while redundancies are good, they're not necessary. Five people including myself for mobility and flexibility.
"I'm going to take point for the recovery mission," I announce. "My proposal aims to balance combat strength and village resources. In addition to that, I would like to push forward personal bonds as positive motivation and reinforcement. These things together will create the most likely scenario that Sasuke is brought back to the village alive, as is desired by Lord Hokage."
"Good pitch," Anko says with a smile. "Hard to strike a balance between people who'll go after a target with energy and won't kill 'em at the same time. I think I see where you're going with this."
"Naruto and I had a meeting this morning, and based on our combined observations, I have created this final list for discourse." I take out a small scroll and hand it to the Hokage, who looks it over for a while as he starts to smoke on his pipe. He nods and passes it around to the others, who note the choices and react in much the same way. Kakashi seems amused and impressed. Jiraiya is the only one who seems skeptical.
"It's an interesting list, I'll give you that much. How about you explain your choices?" he demands.
"Lord Jiraiya-"
"Kakashi. It's alright," I say. He nods and goes quiet. I stare up at Jiraiya before speaking. "The reasoning is simple here. I have a personal stake in bringing back Sasuke and Sakura. I am also the strongest in my graduating class, and in addition to all of that, I am recognized as an elite of the Hidden Leaf. That makes me a logical choice to lead any mission we have here, but this one especially since it will require a certain precision that I feel only a few of us in this village possess. My second choice is Shikamaru. He has proven himself to be a great tactician, reliable in battle and able to plan extensively on short notice. He also has a personal stake in this, as Ino was badly hurt and both Sakura and Sasuke are his classmates. He is currently free to take on this mission, and on top of that, will have strong knowledge of any person I choose because of his observations. Third is Hinata. She is my sister in spirit, and our synergy is extremely high. She is competent, focused, and also will have a personal motivation on this mission, making it much more likely to succeed. Shino is fourth, and he is my right hand. We have great synergy as well, being teammates, and he has a brilliant tactical mind that can back up Shikamaru's. He also boasts superior tracking and tracing capabilities when compared to the majority of the village's shinobi. And lastly, our wild card. Rock Lee has a great amount of passion, a strong personal connection for the mission, and incredible taijutsu skills that soar above most adults. Ninjutsu is well stocked, and genjutsu is easily countered. It means that he has nothing to worry about and can shine as brightly as needed, and that he can become our trump card if things go wrong."
Anko lets out a low whistle.
Jiraiya tries not to look impressed. "You keep talking about personal motivations. Why is that so important?"
"Why, indeed. Sasuke...he is far from my friend. But he is my comrade. He is our comrade. No matter how we might feel about him, individually, or as a group, we are the closest to him, and therefore the most suitable to try and convince him to come back. He's not just a runaway to us. He's someone important. As shinobi, we are told that we should kill our emotions and focus on missions, because they can blind you. But they can also strengthen your resolve, and give you the power to make the impossible possible. I fight for Naruto, and so does Hinata. Shino is my right hand, and supports me in whatever I do. Shikamaru wants to protect his village and avenge Ino. Lee will fight because of his love for Sakura. We are all here for different reasons, but our goal is the same..."
"..."
"We want to bring our comrades home. No matter what," I finish.
Jiraiya says nothing, instead giving me a look that I shrug off.
"And of course, you have business to take care of with Naruto. I made him a promise, and now it's up to you to make him grow stronger. He won't like it if he's fallen further behind Sasuke by the time we drag him back here."
"Confident, aren't we?"
"Yes. Very much so, Lord Jiraiya."
There's a...nostalgic look that seems to cross his face for a moment before he smiles. "Fine. Do what you've gotta do, Princess."
"I shall. Thank you for your encouragement."
"We will take apart the hidden bases on our own, with that decided," Erika says. "I assume you considered my battle power in your calculations."
"I did. As of now...it's likely you're above me when it comes to straightforward combat," I say to her.
"I don't think I can agree with such a thing. You still have power left to reveal, Captain Kobayashi."
"Oh?" Well, aren't we cheeky today. "So you've been spying on me, then."
"I would like to call it admiration. You're a very interesting woman, as I'm sure you know."
I laugh lightly at that. "We shouldn't spend too much time flirting, you know. There are quite a few things to take care of."
"Understood. We will speak at a later date," she says with a smile. "At this point in time, I will be attacking the Northern Hideout in order to conserve our battle strength."
"Alone?" Yugao asks.
"It would be easy enough to do so. However, cooperation between villages is a useful boon. I will be joined by Gaara of the Sand Waterfall, as his attacking style is well suited to large-scale assaults. He has expressed his desire to help. Lord Hokage, I will depart to make final preparations for my mission. Farewell."
"Farewell, Erika. Be safe."
"Yes, my lord. Understood." She vanishes in a swirl of leaves, leaving one behind that floats in the air. The Hokage lets it float down into his palm before setting it on his desk.
"A vibrant girl," he says with a smile.
"Is...vibrant the right word?" Shikamaru asks. "But putting that aside, I'm fine with what Lili's picked out. Sasuke is one of our own, and we should be the ones going out there to kick his ass over anyone else."
"That's surprising resolve coming from you," Kakashi says.
"I guess so. I think I've just gotten really attached to Ino."
"Hm. Even you have a boiling point, then."
"Yeah. Definitely."
I remember how disgusted he looked after Edo Tensei was released. And he also has his pride as a man to consider...aside from his tactical mind, there was no way that Naruto and I were going to leave him out. This is big for him as well.
"I'll lead a force into the Southern Hideout," Kakashi says. "Sounds like there are unique characters to take care of, but only a few of them. So it should be fine."
"You almost sound too relaxed, scarecrow," Anko teases.
Kakashi shrugs. "What can you do. It's still early in the morning, so I might seem a bit slower than usual. Sorry about that. I have recommendations for the other bases, if you guys would like to hear them. Shikamaru can coordinate with me on this."
"Yeah, all ears."
"Very good. After the squads are debated upon and finalized, we will commence our missions tomorrow morning," Hiruzen says.
My day still isn't done after this. I have some people to talk to...they're all definitely in the village, or else this might not have worked out so well. Just have to get them onboard.
But that's nothing my natural charm can't deal with, right?


Chapter 53
Scarlet Justice - ep. 53"The Beloved"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Prologue 3]

It's late afternoon by the time the meeting ends. Everything is set. Now, we just have to make contact with our teammates for the mission.

I run over to the Aburame District for my first stop. Shikamaru, sensitive soul that he is, has agreed to take care of Lee. That leaves me to grab my teammates, who should be ready to go as soon as I give the word. I reach Shino's place and knock on the door. A woman with a slender frame and black hair in a high ponytail appears.

"Good evening! Captain Kobayashi, what brings you here?" she asks.

"Miss Kiko, good evening. I have an urgent message for Shino."

"I see. I'll call him down...Shino! Shino, your Captain is here! She's got urgent business! He should be down in a moment. Would you like to step inside?"

"For a moment, yes. I won't be having anything, unfortunately. There's another stop I have to make quickly."

"Of course. Please come in, don't worry about your footwear." I hear Shino come down the stairs and through the hallway. "I'll leave you two to handle business. Take care, Captain."

"Take care, Miss Kiko."

"Thank you, Mother. Boss, what did you need?" Shino asks as he arrives. Kiko disappears up the stairs, leaving us alone.

"I'm going after Sasuke. A five-person fighting force has been created for this particular mission, and I want you on it."

"Okay. I'm in."

"We leave tomorrow afternoon. Please bring your standard supply kit, nothing more than that. The meeting place is at the main gate, 1 pm."

"Got it. I'll see you then, Boss."

"Make sure to tell your parents, too. If they worry, give them this." I hand him a small card with a summary of the operation, and the Hokage's seal. "I've got the old man's backing. Shikamaru is mission control."

"Excellent. We can't lose, then."

"That's the spirit." I pat him on the shoulder and give him a salute, which he returns. "See you soon."

As I leave, I'm already plotting the fastest route to Hina's place. She's the next and last one...let's hope it's not too much of a hassle getting through the entrance.

I reach the gates of the Hyuuga residence and set my face in neutral before approaching the guards. Relations may have warmed, but I suspect not enough to-

"Are you onee-sama's teammate?"

"Hm?" I turn my head to see someone approaching me from behind. Another member of Hyuuga, but with a familiar-looking face. Her black hair is long, with a stray bang crossing over her face. And she's a small thing, too. Very cute. But I need to be cautious with people from this clan. "Yes, I am her teammate."

"I see. May I have your name?"

"I am Lilith Kobayashi, a jounin of this village. May I have your name, madam?"

"Yes, of course. I am Hanabi Hyuuga, member of the Hyuuga Main Family, and heiress to the Hyuuga Clan," she says confidently.

"Onee-sama...is that what you call her still?" I ask curiously.

"Of course I do. Father made a mistake giving me the title of heiress." What a bold thing to say. "My big sister is stronger than anyone realizes. Hm...you had a different expectation of me, didn't you?"

"Yes, definitely," I say bluntly.

"Hmph. Well, you're definitely modest."

"Something like that."

"Quite cheeky, too," she says with a smile. "I like you already. It's no wonder my sister has improved so much." Hanabi walks up to me, taking my hand. "You treat her as family, and were there for her when nobody else was. Thank you for doing what we could not...for looking after her. You've been a blessing, Miss Lilith."

"Call me Lili. And you can be my little sister if you want."

"Ha! Well, as long as nothing lewd comes out of it..."

I scoff. "I see my reputation precedes me. Unfortunate."

"I forced it out of her, bit by bit. She's usually pretty secretive about you and your exploits, so don't worry too much."

"Well, that much is fine. I've accepted some of the marks on my social status. Is Hina in?"

"Yes, she's training with Brother Neji at the moment. You can come to the courtyard with me, if you want."

"I would like that. Training with Neji...he did change dramatically over the course of the exam period. What exactly happened to him?" I ask.

"You're wondering too, then - oi, open the gates! - just like I was," Hanabi says without missing a beat. The guards open up the gates, and I walk through for the first time. What greets me is a very traditional type of estate, very much Eastern in design, scope, and aesthetic. The courtyard is in full view, and I see Neji and Hina practising their Gentle Fist forms together. Neji has that same sort of relaxed look to him as I remember from the other day. The boy who was desperate to defy his fate, so much so that he wanted to kill Hina, has disappeared. And next to him, the timid, scared Hina that I first met has changed. She's still gentle, and just a bit shy...but on her way to becoming a woman in every aspect.

Bringing her on this mission...it's definitely the right choice. We'll soar higher together.

"Father finally got to tell him what happened on that day. I was confused sitting up there and hearing the story for the first time, so I asked a few days after the invasion and he told me. Uncle Hizashi gave his life out of love for my father. When he got the chance to choose for the first time in his life...he chose to be more than just a servant to the Main House. He chose to be a brother who could protect what was precious to him."

"He unlocked the cage, then," I say. "Going against the destiny plotted out for him, and living out his life as he chose. It was as I thought when I first heard the story. He was truly a man worthy of honour. And it must have hurt Lord Hiashi, so much that he withdrew and changed."

"Yes."

"Forgive me for being bold, but I'm still not sure that I can forgive him for his treatment of Hina. Maybe one day, when the flames have cooled. But...his pain is just as valid. A victim of a vicious cycle."

"Father has passed down the mantle to me," Hanabi says, staring up at me. "I will become the head of Hyuuga, and end these barbaric practices forever. If anyone has a problem with the clan, they can come to me. And they can challenge me whenever they want. But whether it's in physical or social combat, they won't win," she says smugly. "After all, my blood is thick. Father and Uncle were already proof of the clan's overwhelming strength. Then my sister and Brother Neji after them. And then the latest generation...me. The Hyuuga will become more understanding and compassionate...but we will always be the mightiest clan in the Leaf."

What a girl. Little wonder she has her title at such a young age. "Bold and strong. As expected of my little sister."

"Ehehe~! Thanks!"

I smile and pat her head.

"It's really high praise coming from you, Lili-nee. The woman who went up against one of the Three Shinobi and held her own. Within Hyuuga, you're known as the Crimson Nightmare, in addition to your other titles."

"That sounds formidable," I say with amusement.

"Right? Also, also..." She lowers her voice. "There's a clique of girls in the Main House who admire you from afar. They even have pictures that they pass around..."

"Oh~? You don't say..."

"I don't say. You never heard this from me," Hanabi says with a wink. "But enough gossip for now, yeah?"

"Right. We'll go and meet with Hina now. There's a vital mission that we have to undertake."

"It's that Uchiha guy, I'm guessing...okay, let's go." We enter the yard as Hina and Neji finish their kata, bowing to each other respectfully.

"Very good work. As expected of Lady Hinata."

"S-stop, Neji. You're praising me way too much..."

"I have a lot to make up for," he says with a smile. "Showering milady with praise is the very least I could do."

She sighs happily. "If that's your wish, Brother Neji. Thank you...I'm already blessed by your kindness."

"As I am by yours."

"Um...please raise the intensity a little next time?" Hina asks gently.

"Yes, of course. You're eager to catch that woman, aren't you?" he asks.

"Of course she is," Hanabi says as we arrive. "The spirit of competition finally burns within her. Afternoon, you two!"

"Lady Hanabi, good afternoon. And senpai is here, too. It's good to see you again."

"Likewise, Neji. You two are working hard, I like to see it."

"Yes. Lady Hinata is already impressive compared to most members of Hyuuga, and her potential is even greater than this. Senpai, you really have done a fine job nurturing her up to this point. I expect even more as you work together."

"As you should," I say proudly.

"Ah, pardon. What brings you here today, senpai?"

"I wanted to talk to Hina about something important. There's a certain mission that I want her to join me on. You've heard whispers about Sasuke by now, yes?"

"From Lord Hiashi directly...it's a serious matter that they've managed to keep quiet for now, but if it drags on too long...I don't understand, though. His departure, and Sakura Haruno's..."

"That's why we want to put a lid on it now, before things escalate. I'm leading a team to bring him back, alive preferably. Hina is someone I want by my side."

"Senpai, I know that you have confidence in Lady Hinata, but I should-"

"Neji...my apologies. I understand how you feel. But this request isn't just from the village. It's from Naruto Uzumaki as well...a personal plea to bring that boy back home to the Leaf."

"Naruto?" Hina asks.

"Yes. He asked me to bring Sasuke back. Someone he called friend...and brother. I can feel the weight of his sorrow, and I know that you've always cared for him deeply, Hina."

"I do."

"So...will you come with us?" I ask.

She nods, determined. "Without question. When do we leave?"

"Tomorrow afternoon, 1 pm. Our usual supplies, nothing extra to weigh us down. There will be three others besides us."

"Shino?"

"He'll be there."

"I understand." She turns to Neji and takes his hands in hers. "Brother Neji, I know you mean to protect me. And I thank you for that. But I...I really do love Naruto," she says, blushing. "Maybe it doesn't make sense for me to care this much, but I do. I want to do this for him, to end his sadness. Even if...it means that my feelings aren't returned in the way that I want. This is something I have to do...something I want to do. Please, let me go."

"..." Neji turns his head towards me.

"Hinata is my sister," I say firmly. "I will die before returning without her."

He nods and gives her a smile. "Then be safe, Lady Hinata. I will be waiting here for your safe return."

"Thank you."

"Good luck, sis. Bring that Uchiha bonehead back, and you might earn yourself a hot date with Naruto!"

"Hanabi, y-y-you...! The worst, the worst!" Hina says, her face turning red.

"Heh. Seems our girl takes after me," I say. "No need to worry, I can make sure this results in a date with my charisma. After all, he does have warm and fuzzy feelings for me."

"Ah? Really?" Hanabi asks.

"Yep! He asked me on a date twice in the past, you know."

"You too! Lili! You're awful! The worst!" Hina says as she flails her arms.

"Aaaaah! Both of you, please stop bullying Lady Hinata!" Neji says frantically.

"I-I'll show it to you...t-the t-t-terror of Hyuuga...!" Hina activates her Byakugan and chases us around the yard as we laugh.

"Lady Hinata, don't attack senpai with that...!"

I eventually get over my laughing fit and head home after Hina calms down some. To think I would have so much fun in that sort of place...it looks like times are changing, and for the better. Hanabi's vision of the future might really come to pass.

"You look happy today, Miss Lilith," Luna says as I sit down to dinner. It's been a long day, and I'm looking forward to her cooking. Tonight's meal is roast chicken in a honey glaze, paired with curly fries and a delicious glass of milk. "I was worried for you after this morning, and everything that you told me. To see you in high spirits is soothing."

"I had some fun with Hina earlier."

"Mm. Bullying again..." She sighs. "You and Midori are too much alike."

"Hmhm. It might be the case." I pick up my chopsticks and go after the fries first. Wait. What was that just now...?

"Miss Lilith? Is something the matter? Did I burn your food?" Luna asks, worried.

"Midori?" I say to her, blinking.

"A-ah. Right...yes." Her voice is quiet all of a sudden.

"Luna, you don't have to be so frightened-"

"No, no! Please, don't misunderstand. She insisted that we go on a first name basis in private. Now that we're...um..."

I look at her curiously as she blushes. And then I notice it...a sparkle coming from her hand that definitely wasn't there this morning. A ring on her finger, with a shining diamond...

"You're...engaged?"

"Yes...I'm engaged."

"I see." I slowly set down my chopsticks, push out my chair...and race around the table to jump up and hug her tightly.

"Congratulations! And look at you! Worrying yourself sick, almost turning that woman down for such a stupid, stupid reason all that time ago!"

"I did, didn't I...I almost made a terrible mistake, running away from Midori. Miss Lilith...thank you so much. Thank you for helping me attain this happiness."

I let go of her and straighten myself out. "Lili."

"Eh?"

"I'm your little sister for real now, or will be soon at least. So it's Lili now."

"Forgive me," she says with a hand over her heart. "That...might take a while."

"A compromise, then. Miss Lili works out well enough. But you'll get it down. You're Luna-nee, after all."

She smiles and nods. "I'm your Luna. Forever and always...Miss Lili."

I nod and calmly head back to my seat. My food somehow smells better than before, and the curly fries are perfectly crispy to the touch. Ah, the power of love in full effect. I'm so, so happy right now.

"A wonderful future awaits us all. And I have a mission to complete. As the Leaf's sword of justice, as a valued comrade, as an elite leader...and most importantly, as Naruto's friend. Sasuke Uchiha...prepare for a world of hurt. I will bring you back home, where you belong."

"Good luck, Miss Lili."

"Thank you, Luna. You've outdone yourself today."

"Your praise completes me, milady." She smiles and curtsies for me. "I live to serve you."

The morning comes, with the strength of the sun's rays. It's early as I wake up, just past dawn. The air is cool against my skin, and refreshes me slowly. I go straight to the bath and soak a bit.

First my teeth, then my hair. I wash my face and rub lotion gently into my skin.

The blessings of these past weeks are bright in my mind. Midori and Luna, finally engaged. A promotion to jounin. A new sibling on the way soon. Hina growing and blossoming into a fine woman. Good things all around. Many would be worried about all of these things crashing to the ground around them, but not me. No, never.

If the so-called gods mean to reach down from their thrones and take away my happiness, then I will sever their fingers one by one.

"Hm..."

More than anything...this is my first mission as a jounin. And a grand one, indeed. I want something to boost my image, something stylish and unique to reflect my personality. Thankfully, I have just the thing...Luna picked it up the other day. The cute and deadly little outfit that I've been waiting to try on since I saw it, with a few customizations. I go through my drawers and reach into my closet to assemble my outfit.

"Let's start from...the bottom this time. Hmhm."

Underwear, check. Fancy patterns today. Shorts in black that are comfy around the hips. Red belt that's sturdy enough to hold equipment, and strong enough for emergency usage. And finally, a fancy pair of black socks that have open toes. Made of good, strong, and definitely expensive material that's useful for shinobi. They go all the way up to my thighs and meet neatly with the bottom of my shorts. Okay, that part's done. Now for the main event.

"Ah, finally. You've come home~"

It's a black hooded sweater, but not just any kind. Crafted from the finest materials, resistant to numerous conditions and types of damage, and with a good zipper that resists jamming - something so hard to find in these times. The zipper is shaped like a snake's forked tongue, painted red just like the big, thick teeth are. They go all the way up and around the edges of the hood itself, meaning I can zip the entire thing closed if I want. It's super cool...I've always wanted one of these, but never found a good excuse to get one before now. The sleeves are oversized, baggy and with lots of space coming down to cuffs with metallic red trim that fit snugly around my wrists. But not so snug that my serpent friends can't burst out from under them when I need to use a technique or two.

I look in my mirror and turn a few times to make sure I have everything looking right. There's even a pair of eyes on each side of the hood, so that when I pull it down far enough it looks like a snake's head. Yeah, really cool. I know everyone will get a kick out of it. I make sure to arrange my hair properly so that it's not all trapped inside, and open and close the zipper a few times to make sure things are working properly. Should I wear an extra shirt underneath? Hm...no, it's fine. Not like anyone will be peeking under there any time soon. Checking my toes and fingers one last time, with light pink nail polish from yesterday.

I already have ideas for when I'm older...something much more daring that will get everyone's hearts racing at the sight of me. For now, I can settle for looking a little mysterious and deadly. I definitely feel confident, and confidence will be key to this mission's success. My weapon holster with Midori's butterfly knife goes on my left thigh today, secured with a bit of black bandage. I work on my drawing speed and weapon movement for a little to get used to the new material around me...it should be good now.

Yes. Definitely ready.

"Miss Lili?"

"Luna, come in. I'm awake."

My door opens, and I present myself to Luna as she steps in. "So? What do you think?"

"It's a dynamic look, very dashing. And definitely you," she says. "I like it."

"I figured this was a good new image to go with my promotion. I'm glad you think it looks good. And I love this jacket already, thank you for helping me with it."

"I'm happy that I could be of service to you. Breakfast is already cooked, do you need help with anything else?" she asks.

"I have everything I need by now, but thank you. There's a stop I need to make, though...it's the hospital. Definitely before I leave the village. I want to see how Ino is doing," I say as I clean up and leave my room.

"I see. I hope she's recovering well...what a horrible thing to have happen to her. And for what..."

"From what I've heard, she should be awake by now. We're getting those bastards back for what they did," I say as I sit down at the table. Today's meal is a full course: pancakes, sausage, eggs, ham, toast, tomatoes, and more. I quickly and neatly eat everything, then gulp down a few glasses of fortified milk for good measure afterwards.

"Your appetite is growing," Luna remarks as she clears my plates.

"It's interesting to see. I think I'll need to eat like this more often...seems like I'm moving into a growth spurt soon, if my habits are any indication. But my mission pay combined with our normal allowance will be more than enough to take care of that." I wipe my mouth with a napkin. "That makes me think about moving from this place, too..."

"There are good homes near the Uchiha District, and the prices are low."

"Lots of superstition, I'm guessing. Hm. We could make purchases and flip a few of them if we don't end up moving in," I say. Luna tosses me two bottles of milk and I catch them without looking, putting them into my small pack. "Give Mother a call and see what she thinks."

"I'll remember to do that, Miss Lili."

"Good. I'm off, Luna. Take care of yourself, and give Midori-nee my love as always."

"Yes, I will. Be safe."

I hug her tightly. "I will be. I promise to come back to you soon. I love you, Luna."

"I love you, Lili."

I pull on my sandals with one hand while shouldering my small bag. With one last nod to Luna, I step outside, jumping the short distance from the stairs to the ground below. The warmth of the morning sun kisses my cheeks.

A pleasant day in the Hidden Leaf...a good day to set off on the adventure of a lifetime. For now, it's time to make an important visit.

Things are busy and vibrant today. The scheduled missions to the Hidden Sound bases have already started, with some teams moving ahead of the others. It doesn't seem particularly tense, but that won't stop me from taking my mission seriously. A few looks are thrown my way on account of my new outfit...I feel like I enjoy the attention, a little bit. I don't stop for anyone, but it's nice to be noticed.

Yamanaka Flowers is open, and I decide that I'm going to pick up something for my friend. The temp they have is a nice girl, and she knows her stuff. She does all she can to be helpful. But I did ace flower arranging at the Academy.

"These should be good," I say.

"Oh! Those are all nice, yes. You have a great eye."

"Yes, I do try my best." I pay her and wish her a good day after picking out my arrangement. Next stop, the Leaf Hospital. I find Ino's room easily and make my way up. Room 306, moved recently from intensive care.

"..." I take a deep breath and open the door. The room is just about empty right now, save for the expected patient. She's staring at the window outside.

"..."

"Hey," I say to break the silence.

She turns her head to look at me, and a smile lights up her wearied face. "Hey. Long time no see."

"Yes. I'm sorry that I couldn't drop in sooner." Ino is sitting up halfway in her bed, the sheets pulled over her legs. I can see that her hair has been cut very short, and there are strips of bandage on different parts of her head. They had to cut away her hair to operate properly, it seems...possibly because of blood as well. Her left arm is bandaged, and her right is in a cast up to the elbow. Everything about her looks...so different.

"It's okay. I've been getting plenty of love since I woke up. Choji..." She sighs. "What a big heart. Just as big as his gut, probably bigger. He went on some sort of extreme diet 'till I woke, just sitting at my bedside and doing nothing else. Shikamaru would have parked himself here too, if he weren't so busy because of the under-staffing. Same with Asuma-sensei, who was out on missions until recently. They were all here 'till late last night with my parents. My dad's been struggling with work, so they gave him time off to tend to me." Ino nods towards the table that's near the window, and the windowsill itself. There are several bundles of flowers, and vases filled with daffodils. "Gifts from my many admirers," she says with a grin. "I got old man Hokage sending me stuff, too. Grand, ain't it?"

"Heh. Well, I grabbed this for you on my way here. You can add it to the collection." I hand her the wrapped bouquet, and she sniffs it once before opening the paper.

"Let's see what we've got." Her eyes change a bit; I know that flowers are her thing, and she's quite interested in what I've done for her. "These smell really nice. Stopped by the shop?"

"Mm-hm. Your stand in is solid."

"Handpicked by yours truly, so she'd better be." The layer of paper comes off, and I see her eyes widen at the display.

Daisies and daffodils with white cherry blossoms mixed in. Three irises in the middle.

"For sympathy and faith," she says quietly. "Kindness...and a reminder of her. And then good tidings three times over." She smiles and notices the last flower I snuck in, hidden in the very middle beneath the others. "A Morning Glory, huh..."

"Yes."

"Thank you. I..." Ino thinks for a moment before looking at me. "Can...I show you something, Lili?"

"What is it?"

"Sit here a moment," she says, patting the side of her bed. I do as she asks, and she takes one of my hands in hers. "The nurses will kill me if they find out I'm using techniques...except Ruki, she's so cool. She looked after me this whole time...today just happened to be her day off, so I've been by myself a lot. But...I really want you to see this. My mind is fuzzy, but my body remembers..."

"I understand. As long as you're not straining yourself...I'm here."

She nods and makes a single seal, transferring her mind into my body. I find myself floating in a blue-tinged void with Ino, who looks just like she did before the attack. This Ino, this fragment of her...she raises her hands silently, and I understand what she wants. I raise mine in return, floating towards her. Our palms touch, and the exchange of information begins.

Everything on that night is revealed to me.

"Sakura...she's really been out of it. Maybe just a quick visit..."

Ino walks through the night towards her friend's home. But there is something amiss.

"Hm? Sakura...that can't be her. Where's she going?"

I can feel her concern as she trails Sakura, taking cover behind buildings and making sure not to be too loud. The other girl is wearing a backpack and is meeting with...Sasuke.

"What the hell...no. No way, they're not...no. They won't!"

Ino breaks her cover and calls out to the two ahead...her best friend, and the boy she used to have a crush on. That was over and done with in this moment, but she didn't want to lose him to the darkness, or her.

"What are you two idiots doing?" she yells. "Why are you sneaking out of the village?"

"Ino, calm down-"

"I will not fucking calm down, Sakura! How dare you! And you, Sasuke! What are you thinking?!"

"I have nothing to say to you, Ino."

"She was right...Lili was right, you're fucking trash! Garbage!" Ino screams. "You're trying to leave the village and turn yourself into a missing-nin, getting yourself and Sakura killed! Sakura, you don't need this guy, he needs you. Snap him out of it, call this whole thing off!"

"Ino...you don't understand."

"What don't I understand, Sakura?! What is it?! Huh?"

"Sasuke...he's not going to succumb to the darkness. We have a plan. We put our heads together, and figured something out. But staying in the Leaf...it won't work out. And if Sasuke goes, I need to go with him. I need to help him, protect him in any way that I can."

"By betraying the village...? Sakura! Listen to yourself...!"

"If I let him go by himself, he'll truly be lost. I can keep him healthy, and he can keep me safe. We've learned to work as a team, finally. We can support each other."

"That's not it! That's not what that means! Tell me if he's blackmailing you, or-"

"He's not! Sasuke would never force me into coming with him!" Sakura said angrily. "Sasuke would never hurt me, I was-"

"Sakura?"

Ino looked over her friend's shoulder to see Sasuke's guilty face.

"She...she forced you?"

"I don't have a choice...if I didn't take her, they..."

"They? Sasuke, wait..."

"There's no time. Goodbye, Ino." He disappears into the night. Ino moves to go after him, but Sakura slides in front of her.

"Sakura...what did you do..."

"What I had to. I said it before, it's all for Sasuke's sake..."

"He said he had no choice...ugh, no! He's getting away...I can't catch up to him like this."

"Ino!"

"Shut the fuck up! Stay put if you want, I'm getting help!" Ino is running, dashing through the village even as she knows that Sakura has taken off after Sasuke.

"I need to get back and tell Dad, or anyone about this...they won't get far trying to run around at night. Still time-"

But something happens. A chill runs through Ino, and she stops as four figures appear, surrounding her. I recognize them, even from these darkened, blurry images. And then...without warning...

It starts.

They attack, all at once. These memories are sharp, too sharp...but I have to watch. I have to endure and feel the weight of Ino's memories. She's beaten, and I feel myself filled with rage. Over and over again, the Sound scum laughing and having the time of their lives. She gets up only to be pummelled again and again, trying with all her might and failing to fight back against four attackers. It's cruel. It's unfair. It's despicable.

And they only stop, only feel satisfied after one last kick to the head. They leave her beside a stream. She's broken and bleeding, life ebbing from her. All alone...nothing but sadness...despair...then a futile anger at herself, for not being good enough, for not being able to stop Sakura and Sasuke, for her failures as a kunoichi, for all the things she didn't do right. And then...a terrible fear.

Death.

Lying in the dirt, unable to move. She cried, so desperately for her parents. For the people she loved so dearly. Even me...

Sinking into that abyss, helplessly. Just falling. The world going dark, and accepting that she would never wake up again. Even if...it was so unfair...

And then, the memory ends. Our palms come apart. The other Ino fades away, disappearing into the void.

"Lili...I know that I have no right...none at all...to make such a selfish request..."

I hear her voice breaking.

"Ino..."

The technique is released, and I find myself in the real world again. Holding her trembling hand.

"But please...please...forgive her." She clutches at her sheets, tears dripping down her face. "Please bring her back...even after all that she's done...please. She's my friend, and I still love her. Please, Lili...bring Sakura back to me."

I place a hand under her chin, and wipe away her tears.

"That's what the Morning Glory is for, Ino. A promise, made with strength of will. My promise to you. On my soul...I will bring her back to you, Ino. Believe in me."

She nods, sniffling. "Yes. I will."

I nod and smile back.

"I...in those fragments of your mind...in your memory. I saw Naruto...making that same plea for Sasuke. Sasuke means that much to him..."

"Yes."

"And yet you promised him...even though..."

"Yes. It's about more than my feelings. It's more than him being a comrade that should be brought home." I brush back my hair with one hand. "Naruto is precious to me. I want to protect his smile."

"Of course...that's just like you."

"It might be. I feel as if I'm far more suited to playing the villain, but this time...I can put that aside."

"Is that why you have the whole sexy get-up on? You're totally slaying it, girl."

"Well, it might be," I say with a smirk.

"Hey, I'd show off my bod like that too if I got the chance. Your legs are right up there with Temari's."

"You jest," I say playfully.

"I do not," she says with a laugh. "I mean it, seriously. I guess I can work on mine once I get out of here...listen, you'd better smack that stubborn bitch Sakura around a few times for me," she says with a suddenly cold look. "Nothing less than a 16-hit combo will get through to her thick skull. Got it?"

"I'll remember that."

"Good. And I've got something special for her when she gets back and settles in. I don't care who it is from now on, nobody fucks with Ino Yamanaka and skates off into the sunset. I guarantee you that." She lets out a breath and returns to normal. "Take care of yourself, Lili. Even if things don't work out the best...I'd rather not lose you, too. Come back home, alright?"

"I will, Ino. Get better soon," I say as I stand up. "Be strong."

"Like I could be anything else, sweetie." She grins and flexes her good arm. I leave and bow to the incoming nurse before making my way out of the hospital.

"Mm..."

I can feel something in one of my pockets. I pull it out, and note that it's a small flower with a disc shape. Small, rounded white leaves around a yellow-orange flower-head.

A daisy. I close my eyes and smile.

"Thank you, Ino. Your faith in me will not go to waste."

I delicately flatten the flower against some paper, and place it in my back pocket. I can feel my heart swelling...all of these feelings, all of these dreams and hopes making me burn up inside. There's no way that I can fail now.

It's time to do this.


Chapter 54
Scarlet Justice - ep. 54"Sprinter"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Pursuit]

"Thanks, Naruto."
"Yep."
Naruto hands two headbands to Shikamaru. Shikamaru then hands them to me, and I chomp down once on the metal and the surrounding fabric to get their signatures down properly. After that, Shino takes Sasuke's headband and Lee holds on to Sakura's.
It's 1 pm at the Hidden Leaf main gates. The Sasuke Recovery Team is now officially assembled.
"Given what I remember of Sakura's combat data...they shouldn't be too far ahead, unless Sasuke's ditched her. But that's doubtful given how dependent they are on each other. There was a good reason they left at the same time, but I don't know exactly what it was," Kakashi says. He's gearing up to go on his own mission soon, and the same is true for Naruto; my friend is going to be travelling with Jiraiya to find the legendary medic, Tsunade.
"Yeah, Pervy Sage says it's gonna be an easier sell to bring her back as a medic," Naruto chirps. "Apparently she wasn't too hooked on the whole Hokage thing. But I can fix all that."
"You think so, huh?" Kakashi asks.
"Well, duh! Once the Number One Hyperactive Ninja gets a hold of ya, there's no escape! Hehehe!"
"Hopefully that holds true, for your sake." He sighs. "Well, I'm off. I wanted to say at the meeting that I should take point, but...Lili was right. The people of his generation should be the ones to talk some sense into him. I tried my best before you, and it didn't work out..."
"Kakashi-sensei, it's not your fault. Seriously, you did everything you could, Sasuke's just a stubborn ass!"
"Thanks for that, Naruto. And good luck to you kids."
"Yeah, same from me! Knock 'em de-...or, unconscious, I mean," Naruto says with a silly grin. "And come back in one piece, yeah? I mean it!"
"We'll be okay, and we will succeed," Hina says. "Count on us, Naruto."
"Thanks, Hinata. I trust you a thousand percent!"
She blushes, but still nods firmly to acknowledge him.
"They'll both be home before you know it," Shino says.
"Yes! With the power of youth, we can do anything!" Lee says.
"It'll be a real pain in the ass to see a knucklehead like you in despair," Shikmaru adds in, yawning. "More than that, I've got vengeance on the brain, too. It's all gonna be okay, and I'll stake my life on that. I can't show my face to the old man if this goes too far south."
"And you've got your own matters to take care of, right? Don't slack off while on the road, or I'll kick your ass when I get back," I tease.
"Heh, you can come and try! I'll have a badass new jutsu waiting, count on it!"
"Looking forward to it," I say as we bump fists.
"Oh! And I like the new outfit, it's hella cool!"
"Isn't it? Thanks. You take care, alright? We'll be back soon."
"Got it!" He gives me a quick salute before following Kakashi back into the village. Now it's just the five of us.
"Alright, we'll check supplies before we go and figure out our formation," Shikamaru says. "Hand everything you got here." We all hand him our equipment, and he does inventory on the spot.
Hina has decided to borrow from my old look for the mission, replacing her usual pants with grey cargo shorts and leggings underneath. Her sweater is opened up revealing a bright white shirt, and her headband is around her neck as always. The longer hair she's sported since the exams swings freely with her movements, and she has a pair of black fingerless gloves on her hands.
Shino has one subtle change, a new pair of sunglasses. I assume they have enhanced light filtration since we don't know exactly what we'll be running into this time around. Other than that, he looks very much himself. Lee is also dressed the same as always, in green spandex, though he seems to be filled with more vigor than I remembered.
Shikamaru is wearing his usual outfit, with his headband tied around his shoulder. It's topped by the standard issue flak jacket that comes with entry into the upper ranks of shinobi. I left mine at home and went with the current outfit for mostly aesthetic reasons.
"Interesting look, Boss," Shino says. I slip on my armband and rub at the metal with the Leaf symbol on it a bit, then put on my own pair of fingerless red gloves. They have small metal plates just below the knuckles - the same as Kakashi's. I asked him the other day where he got his from.
"It's very striking," Hina says with admiration. "I never truly noticed how fit you were, Lili."
"..." Lee gives me a curious look, but is otherwise quiet.
"I bet she's not wearing anything under the sweater," Shikamaru quips. He hands everyone back their tools before crouching lazily. "Not the type of person to understand restraint."
"Well, you're wrong this time. I could give you a peek, if you're so curious."
"We don't need any more distractions on the mission," he says while giving me a look. "Are you trying to lure the enemy with those clothes or something? Or were you flirting on the way here and forgot to change?"
"Well, pardon me," I say with mock indignation. "These clothes aren't just to look cute, they're built for freedom of movement, durability, and improved aerodynamics. To answer your question directly, I'm trying to pull in anyone that I might fancy. It could even be you."
"You're not into guys. I already know that much," he says bluntly.
"Yes, well. I don't have to be into you to torment you. You should know that much too," I shoot back.
"Tch. Let's cut the banter for now, at least. I need your expertise as our squad leader. Even if you're a wicked minx."
"Rude," I pout. "Do you have our formation down?"
"Yup, all set. We just have to figure out how we want to tackle this mission first. Your go, Chief."
I nod and pull out a blank scroll. "Let's get everything written down. You talk, I write."
"Okay. We'll start with this..."
I quickly notate the appropriate positions and data as relayed to me, then lay down the scroll for everyone to see afterwards. Our team memorizes the information, which includes battle power, abilities, team strengths and weakpoints to be considered. Shikamaru rolls up the scroll when we're done, and I place my hands on my hips as I address the group.
"Alright. It's now 1:30 pm. Here's how we're going to do things," I announce as I shift into work mode. "I have the final say in all matters. Shikamaru is going to be in charge of operations. Please speak to him first if you have any concerns. If there is something that he cannot immediately resolve, I will take over. Ultimately, every one of you here is my responsibility. Sasuke Uchiha and Sakura Haruno are our mission objectives. We are to escort them back to the Hidden Leaf as soon as we encounter them. Use any means at your disposal to have them return alive, including restraint and more violent actions - injury to their persons is permitted, even if it might be extreme. If you cannot do any of this, stall until another person can assist you in these matters. Sasuke is a highly skilled shinobi with the Uchiha bloodline limit, the Sharingan. Our current data on him is limited because of the variable of the Cursed Seal of Heaven. Do not engage him alone unless absolutely necessary...I will be taking measures as group leader to ensure that I fight him first. Shikamaru, do you have anything to add to that?"
"Nothing," he says.
"Understood. Please start your report."
"Based on the information provided to me by various sources, including our captain and Ino Yamanaka, we've determined that Sasuke and Sakura are not alone," Shikmaru starts. "If Sasuke means to approach one of Orochimaru's bases, he would more than likely have escorts. There's no way that he has knowledge of where to go, and even if he did, making that journey alone is suicidal. We're looking at a group of at least six, pretty large considering the circumstances. Thanks to the diplomatic work done by Lord Hokage, we have full authority to chase these guys all the way into Sound Country and beyond if need be. That means there's no immediate burden of a time limit. All of these guys escorting Sasuke are dangerous as well, since they also have their own curse marks. And since they're Orochimaru's elites, they'll have experience using those curses. They also seem to be proficient in barrier arts, and might use that to trap you. Keep your eyes open at all times."
"Next, we will detail our formation," I say. "Shikamaru, please outline each role."
"Got it. Hopefully you've memorized the info on the scroll; you can ask to see it whenever you want, and we can go over it together as needed. The basic thing you need to know is this. We have firepower coming out the ears, but we need to react to sudden attacks as quickly as possible. We're in a vulnerable position as the pursuers on this mission. Our numbers are also short of theirs, as you can see. As a result, I've chosen a single line formation to maximize our team efficiency. This is what we look like in order. Shino, you're the forward scout. I'm expecting traps all over the place as soon as we lock onto their trail, and your insects can trigger them remotely as soon as they're found, if needed. Your detection skills are strong, and you have the luxury of your clan's jutsu. You're also highly observant and can stay focused. Lastly, you can provide us a feint with your insect clones if we take an attack from the front, then smother them for a quick advantage if the attack is physical. Your synergy with Lili and Hinata is high, which also helps our team coordination immensely."
Shino nods in response. "Understood. I won't let you down."
"I'll be second in line as operations leader. I can relay commands to the forward scout and everyone behind me easily. My vision will be at a slightly wider angle than Shino's, focused at the front. I'll relay anything from behind to Shino, and anything from ahead to the people behind me with hand signals." He nods to me. "Third in line is our jounin leader, Lili. She has the fastest reaction time out of anyone here by far, and also the fastest jutsu outright with her Lightning Release techniques. Her tracking and sensing abilities are also extremely high, meaning she has the ideal 360 degree awareness. Putting her in the middle allows her to assist, defend, and attack whatever crosses our path. She'll be covering both the left and right sides while in the formation. As she said, she's responsible for us, so this is also the best way for her to ensure our well-being. And since Shino and Hinata are on either end of us, she'll be extra vigilant."
"Well said," I reply. A definite slacker, but he's absolutely brilliant. He's the perfect advisor for the next Hokage, whoever that might be. I might very well get roped into that nonsense...well, at the least it would mean that I could show Naruto the ropes properly before it's his turn. Hmm.
"Fourth is Lee. It's understood that your ninjutsu and genjutsu are...lacking, to say the least. But that's not a problem with us. Your main role is as our striker, or sweeper. Shino and I are set-up men, and Hinata deals mostly in taijutsu. Lili is the real all-rounder out of everyone here. With your speed and skill, you can land power attacks when necessary to assist us. You also have our absolute trump card: the Inner Gates. If we get into a pinch, we'll burn that card from our hand and have you go wild. Your last important role is as our dummy."
Lee frowns. "Shikamaru, I might not be a genius like you, but-"
"Oh, shut up," I say with a sigh. "He's talking about your role, your role. Being a dummy means that you stall in case of emergency. Your taijutsu is effective enough to keep people busy, and you have a high level of resilience. If it comes down to an undesirable scenario we will either escape and wait for you to catch up, or I will use the opportunity to eliminate the threat with Mobius. I hope that much is clear now."
"Ah, I see! Very well, I shall do my best!" Lee says with a smile.
I let out another frustrated breath. "Please continue, Shikamaru."
"Right. Last, but definitely not least...Hinata is our rear scout. This is probably the most difficult position, placed right on the group's tail. Your job is to cover our rear and check for any blind spots as we move forward. The main reason I assigned this role to you is because of your bloodline limit, the Byakugan. Hopefully I don't have to explain that in detail."
"It's not necessary, I completely understand. I accept this role," Hina says confidently.
"Cool. I guess that's all there is. We want to move quickly but cautiously."
"Might I make a suggestion?" I ask.
"Not a problem," Shikamaru says. "What is it, Chief?"
"I wonder if we could make a better time of it by trying to cut them off before they reach their destination. If we do make one or two mistakes, we will lose some time...but we do have permission to chase them all the way down to whatever base they're trying to hide in, as mentioned before. Do you think it would be prudent to attempt such a strategy?"
"It's a bold idea," he replies, hand cupping his chin. "But I'm more than willing to try anything once as things are now. They're in a group of six, and I think I have a good grasp of Sakura's limitations as a shinobi. If they mean to make proper traps, they'll also be slowed by the time needed to build them. Risky proposition...but we're working with a loaded hand here ourselves. Okay, let's do it."
I nod and produce a small card before tracing a seal on it with my finger. There's a map that appears on it, and it then pops up as a larger hologram that everyone else can see.
"We're still at the Hidden Leaf, which is here. Just at the edge of the forest," I say. "Sasuke and friends have had about two days' headstart...Sand is three days travel at normal speed, so using the proper calculations...mm. I would say they're halfway to the border by now if they're going to the Sound, and maybe a quarter way there if they're going to the Grass."
"Shino and I might be liabilities if you're trying to move as fast as possible," Shikmaru points out.
"Then we'll look for an efficient route that we can take breaks on. I'd rather not run at full speed the entire way myself. There's going to be fighting at the end of it."
"The Hidden Grass hideout is underground, according to Kabuto, so it might be a good place to conceal themselves," Shikamaru continues. "But getting there will take a little bit more time than usual. My thought is that they'll be so focused on getting to safety that they'll take the shorter route to the Hidden Sound after all. If we guess wrong, we lose time...not a massive setback in our pursuit, but we might end up having to fight through a ton of mooks if that's the case. They'll defnitely throw reinforcements at us the moment they can."
"And Sasuke might find a way to strengthen the curse mark in that time, if he truly is lusting for power," Shino adds.
"We should vigorously pursue them to the Hidden Sound!" Lee suggests. "And if we are mistaken, I will pull a cart with all of you on it back in the proper direction!"
Shikamaru sighs. "Lee, even if you do that..."
Shino folds his hands together, thinking. "Perhaps...Sasuke isn't as impulsive as we think. I believe that he might be heading to the Hidden Grass just to bide his time, then he will transfer over to another available base when things settle down. I can only assume there are safe houses set up by Kabuto and Orochimaru for extreme circumstances."
"Shino does make a good point," Hina says. "And the longer distance would give them more chances to erase their trail if they're taking their time."
This is good. Everyone is engaged and thinking about this properly.
"Heh...looks like you're the tiebreak, Chief," Shikamaru says with a smile.
"Shut up...you damn slacker," I say with a yawn. "I already know what I want to do. Is everyone ready and listening?"
I get a nod from my group.
"Good. We're going towards Sound Country. Sasuke might be the guest of honour, but as far as leading the team, that's not likely to be the case. Remember that he has no real idea of the situation or the best route to take. But he does have awareness of something that I should have caught earlier."
"And that is?" Lee asks.
"The village's mission load, and the plans to strike the Hidden Sound bases."
"Right...shit, I completely forgot. It's no wonder he took off when he did," Shikamaru says. "Kakashi-sensei out on missions, and the village short on manpower from now until the situation with Sound was resolved. It made our forces that much thinner."
"He didn't come up with that one. That was Sakura's doing. From Ino's memories, she seemed to be doing things to help force Sasuke's hand, so that she would able to stick close to him on his journey. Coordinating the breakout time must have been one of those things. Getting Ino involved was a mistake...she doesn't realize what happened to her friend. I'll be sure to let her know once we catch up," I say. "Getting to the Hidden Sound before anyone else is the most logical thing they can do. They'll have access to protection and resources, even if it's only for a little while." But that's trouble in and of itself. Hopefully Kobayashi Rice isn't wrapped up in this at all...I wonder about my father for the first time in a while.
"So we're going through the forest towards Sound Country," Shino confirms.
"I'm going to put a little twist on that, my friend. They're expecting us to chase them at full speed through the forest, but we're going to do something else entirely. Have a look at the map again. Do you see these roads?" I ask. "They have intersecting points. Travelling on these roads means that we're visible, but the main benefit is that they're all straightaways that we can dash along at speed. Shikamaru can pace the group as we move. We can disregard formation unless we have an encounter or until we enter the forests again."
"Checkpoints...okay, got 'em memorized." I nod and make a seal as Shikamaru finishes, the map disappearing and the card turning blank again. It goes back into my pouch.
"Are we ready?" I call out.
"Ready," everyone replies in unison.
"We follow the main path out, and take the first service road north. Lead on, Shikamaru."
The group accelerates down the main road, through the first part of forest and towards our destination. There's no chatter going on, so it seems like everyone is focused on the mission. I wonder what things will be like when we finally catch up.
Shikamaru cuts left through the trees and towards the first smooth road we see. He keeps an even, quick pace as our feet pound on the dusty trails, with everything seeming to be clear ahead of us. Eventually he accelerates and we all fall in line behind him.
The air has started to cool since this morning, making the wind feel cold as it streams by my face. There are relatively few civilians travelling, and I can guess that they've only picked up a glimpse of us as we stream past. After a few hours, we reach a small rest stop and pause for a break outside. There's a bench on the side of the nearby building and I take a seat, opening a bottle of milk and sipping on it. Hina has slices of grilled fish that she prepared at home, along with a few round buns. Shikamaru takes out a sandwich and Hina shares some of her food with Lee and Shino.
"Looks like we're making good time," Shikamaru says to me. He crouches in his usual manner, arms resting on his thighs.
"We should be. I don't think we're terribly far out...I've been stretching my technique out to an inadvisable distance, just to see what I might pick up. There's a very faint feeling that they're there."
"How far is that?"
"Hrm...they're at least fifty kilometers ahead by now."
"That much? Wonder what they've been doing the last two days...think we should cross back into the forest?" he asks.
"Not yet. I want to confirm their numbers before they can register our presence. It works out better if we surprise them."
"I get it. Well...I'm ready to get this show on the road again," he says as he stands up. "We're closing in."
I put my milk bottle into the proper bin, and Lee finishes up the rest of his food. Shino and Hina are already on standby. We confirm our route again, and Shikamaru leads us forward. With this, our second run, afternoon has already bled into evening. Evening turns into night as we continue to move, the stars shining brightly in the clear skies above our heads. I take a moment to admire them as the air grows colder around us. I can see my breaths as I run.
Shikamaru uses his impeccable navigation to guide us down the smaller branching roads that cut around the edges of the forest, giving us more cover while not sacrificing our advantage. Instead of being pressured into a situation where we would have to be on a constant lookout for traps, slowing us down, we've flipped things around with this little gamble. It's definitely paying off, as I can sense what seems to be Sakura in the upper bounds of my technique. I remember Asuma bullying Kurenai every so often by telling her to work smarter instead of harder. She would get annoyed and whine about how that didn't make sense when it came to paperwork. Thinking of her...we really need to have a girls' day out soon, just the two of us. It's been too long since we've properly talked, and I miss my favourite bullying target. She always appreciates the attention, even if she says otherwise...hehe.
Night marches on, and I light a fire as the group takes another break. Hina hands out snacks for us. It seems like she's considered everything, which is just like her.
"Let's have a proper rest, yes? From what I can tell, the group ahead has either slowed, or stopped moving. The night hours are a toss-up in regards to travel - sometimes it's best to forge ahead, other times it's better to stay put. But they will need to sleep eventually as well. Three hours, and I'll keep watch."
"Are you sure, Captain Kobayashi?" Lee asks. "I can stand guard for the night while you and the others rest!"
"Even youthful ones must close their eyes and rest once in a while. I said it before, you are my responsibility. That means you children need to do as you're told. It's time for bed, Lee," I instruct. "Please go to sleep."
"Yes, ma'am. Sorry."
"It's alright. I'll rest a while myself eventually."
He nods and leans back against one of the trees nearby. Soon everyone is drifting off except for me. I'm far from tired, and I have a few solider pills to perk me up if needed. But I want to take a power nap later on and rest my eyes a bit.
Sakura and Sasuke...they're devoted to each other. It's unhealthy, but they're just children. Just two kids trying to find their way through this world. Sasuke needed someone to help move forward, past the crippling despair he felt. And Sakura was always there for him, even as it meant stripping more and more of herself away. I should feel sorry for them.
But I don't.
What they've done...the pain they've caused through their selfish actions...that is unforgivable. Making my friends cry and hurt, fall into despair, begging to have their loved ones brought back...I can't forgive it. I won't forgive it. When they pay penance, it won't just be to me. It will be to those they hurt so callously, and to the village itself. My job isn't to make them see the light, it's to bring them back to the people who can do such a thing. Naruto's mysterious strength, and Ino's confident affection. Those are things that can change people properly. My job is to be violent. That's why I presented myself to those two as a great sword of justice. A power that when combined with strong leadership can cut through the bounds of time and space to change the world, and destiny itself.
The world will bear witness to my strength. And all will tremble before me.
"Hm."
I stare into the flame burning between the five of us, and smile. I know my path now. All I need is time to execute properly.
"Captain."
I perk up and glance at my timepiece. A few hours have passed in silence, and Lee is already up, saluting me. I nod and pull my hood over my head, zipping it up completely before I close my eyes and go to sleep.
My body wakes me from my formless sleep at the right time. I pull the zipper down and reveal my face again, breathing in the fresh dawn air.
"Exactly thirty minutes. I told you," Shino says.
"Wow...incredible," Lee comments.
"Is everyone feeling refreshed?" I ask.
"Yes, ma'am," I hear them all reply.
"Good. I have a gift for you. We're not far behind, but we're also getting close to the border. I would like to end this mission before then. I have provisions saved that will help with this." I pull out a small sack that's filled with small and round dark pills.
"Military Rations Pill," Shino notes. "Also called the soldier pill. These aren't easy to obtain in such amounts."
"Guessing you got a hook-up from the Akimichi Clan," Shikamaru says.
"Yes. They were most generous. I made sure to give them appropriate compensation, but that alone isn't enough. More is being done, as I have Luna ordering high quality steaks in bulk to be delivered shortly."
"At this rate, you're gonna have every major clan in the Leaf wrapped around your finger. Is this you campaigning for Hokage early?" Shikamaru jokes.
"It might be. After all, someone will have to lead the way. I'll complain loudly, but a few nominations would make me consider the job."
"Heh. That would have sounded terrifying about a year ago, but it's slightly more relaxing now."
"Hmph." I turn my nose up at him impishly. "Alright, everyone grab a good amount for later, and take one of them right now. The idea is to surge ahead on that excess energy and close the gap on our prey before they can react. We move in strict formation. Ready!"
"Ready!" the group calls back. Everyone swallows a pill each, and we take off in a single line through the forest. The enemy isn't moving as quickly as they should - it means that they either didn't rest, or took a later break than we did. Either way, it's great for us. We're well within ten kilometers now with this boost.
"Keep your energy steady, we just want to bleed off the excess and leave your normal reserves topped off," I instruct. "We're gaining ground fast."
"No traps in the area," Shino says.
I flick my tongue at the air. "I can smell them for sure now...seven people."
"They added an extra member along the way. Not ideal...we're outnumbered by too many now," Shikamaru says.
"Lili...I can't see him. Sasuke isn't in their formation."
"See him?" I ask Hina. "What do you mean?"
"Sasuke...isn't there. I can see Sakura, and the other members...but there's a large container of some sort that is blocked from my vision."
"Does that mean Sasuke is dead?" Lee asks.
"No. That would make their trip completely pointless," Shikamaru points out. "If they wanted to kill him, the Leaf would be the best place to cause chaos and make an impact. And dragging a corpse all the way to Sound in this kind of elaborate scheme...not to mention that Sakura would want no parts of it. She'd end up like Ino after trying to stop them. I just have no clue what they could be plotting with Sasuke in some kind of container. And it's one that blocks out the Byakugan, too..."
"There's a clearing some distance ahead of us...it's a grassy field, and I think beyond that is the border to Sound Country," Hina says. "We can cut them off if we speed up a little bit...I can't see anyone around us in any direction, but I'll continue to keep watch."
"The report is the same for me," I say. "We're looking at a six on five at the very least if we move ahead and engage. How well we do will depend on the enemy's battle strength."
"We need to make a play soon. There's no telling if they have sensor types on their side," Shikamaru says. "We're going to have to break formation once we figure out what's happening. Chief, your move."
"Last thing we want them to do is coordinate with their barrier arts. Only one good option...isolate and pick them off. One man, one kill. We still have some time, and they think they're getting away as long as they keep moving. That's not happening. Everyone, huddle in."
I turn over the data in my head quickly, over and over and over. These are my comrades...I don't want to make a mistake and send any one of them to their deaths. The risks were agreed upon, but that doesn't give me the right to relax, or to stop worrying. Everything...is in my hands. That's what it means to be a leader.
We fly through the trees, my four teammates forming a circle around me. A lot of important things, but little time. Let's begin.


Chapter 55
Scarlet Justice - ep. 55"Winning Run"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Battle]

"Final orders," I call out. "You'll be getting your targets and instructions for them. And...one more thing, a personal message for everyone. Take these words with you and keep them close. You'll be protected by them. I know all of you by now, and I'm responsible for all of you. The last thing I want is for anyone to pass on. So...I want you to lend me your ears."
I look to my right and start from there. "Everyone will rotate clockwise to meet me. Since you're here already, I'll start with you, Rock Lee."
"Yes."
"There's an unknown enemy ace up ahead, at the front of the group. You'll have to take them on. If you cannot win, stall as much as you can until one of us arrives to help you...this is a strong chakra that I'm feeling."
"Yes, of course!"
"Also...one more thing. I know why you're fighting. And I understand that you're not very fond of me, Rock Lee. But none of that matters. I said that you were our dummy, meant to stall. But you need to understand this much...don't you dare roll over and die for the enemy. For any reason. To me, you were never some azure beast or whatever it is you call yourself. You're far too annoying for that sort of title."
"..."
"What you are is a white knight. Your motivation is pathetic as far as I'm concerned, but your resolve is strong like no other. Sakura is your light, the princess that you are meant to rescue from harm. So don't worry about what anyone thinks, even if it's me. Raise your blade to the heavens, and cut down anything and anyone that gets in your way. Embrace your title. For today, you are the Leaf's Shining White Knight. Got that?"
He smiles and gives me a thumb up. "Yes, ma'am! I will not let you or Sakura down!"
"Good. Rotate in," I call out. Shikamaru is up next.
"Now you're doing motivational speeches?" he asks smugly.
"It seems so. That effeminate looking one, with the two heads...Sakon, he's called. I'm sending you towards him. Whatever strange ability he has, you'll be able to deal with it. You're also the best at buying time for others, and the way I have things planned out means that you'll be getting backup from Hina first. Think you can work around that?"
"Easily."
"Good. Then here, have these."
"Oi, your equipment-"
"Shut up and don't complain." He grumbles anyways while taking the extra tools from me. "I probably won't need all of it as much as you, and either way you'll make better use of everything."
"Seriously?"
"Just re-calibrate, fucking slacker. Oi, and you better not get yourself killed, or I'll bother you with an ouija board every night and ask you the stupidest possible questions. I won't let your lazy ass get any rest in the Pure Land, got it?"
"Damn, you're always a pain in the ass..." Everyone laughs a bit at our exchange.
"There's a lot you have to worry about, I realize. Being the next clan head, a not so secret genius anymore, responsibilities as a chuunin...all of that. Everyone is expecting great things of you, Shikamaru. People will want more and more out of you as time moves forward. That's why...I'm going to make a simple, selfish little demand instead."
"..."
I look into his eyes. "I want you to take me out for a drink. That's all I'm going to ask of you, Shikamaru. Will you do that?"
"Yeah. I will."
I smile. "Thank you. I'll be waiting until then."
He nods and the group rotates once more for Shino.
"The uncouth sounding woman with pink hair, Tayuya...she seems very much like a distance fighter, someone who makes heavy use of chakra-based attacks. And someone from the Sound could very well have sound-based genjutsu," I say to him. "Because of your physiology, you're the perfect counter for her. If you can capture her, great. Killing her is even better if you can manage it. Anyways, you know what to do. Go all out from the start and finish that loser off. That's an order from your boss."
"Right. I'll do exactly as you've asked."
"I know you will. Come back to us soon, my friend. I'll be waiting as always."
And finally, the group moves one last time so that Hina is beside me.
"Your opponent will be the fattest one out of the Sound trash, called Jirobo. You're faster and much more skilled than he is. He would be a big problem for anyone else because of his strength. The Gentle Fist is perfect for neutralizing him."
"Yes."
"There's not too much to say. Hina...please keep these words close to your heart," I say as I look at her.
"..."
"I will always love you. Forever and always, Hinata. Come back to me soon."
"I will, Lili. I promise."
I see the determination in her eyes and nod.
"Everyone has their orders," I say as we organize in a line. "Recovery Team...scatter!"
Lee accelerates to the front. I take off through the trees to my right. Shino goes left and Hinata drops to the ground, running forward. Shikamaru gives me one last nod before disappearing into the trees himself.
"It's finally time," I mumble. I can feel my dark half stirring, but calm her down. Not yet...just a bit longer. That time is coming soon.
I accelerate towards my target, who has already passed the barrel containing Sasuke up ahead to the ace from earlier. They're moving ahead with Sakura, and Lee has already closed the gap; at that speed, they'll reach the grassy field for a proper showdown. Lee should do well enough in that type of environment, instead of getting tangled up in the trees.
As for me, terrain is a small trifle at best. It doesn't matter who or where it is...I'll devour my prey. The arena this time is a small clearing in the forest, with trees spaced around me and grass poking up in places along the ground. It's quiet for a moment before I hear movement.
"I guess I got the good looking one, eh? What a shame..."
"..." I remain where I am, noting the movements of my target as he glides through the trees.
"Long range fighter. Good with her speed and has fast lightning type jutsu. Not too much for taijutsu, it seems...uses her smarts and summons to mask her deficiencies. Very good at finding and exploiting weaknesses. And of course...you've got a thing for violence."
"..."
"We've got a fair bit of data on you, little girl. All I really have to do is stick to places where you can't reach me in time, and stay out of your line of sight, just to start. Though...you should put away that hair of yours, if you really want to stand a chance."
He stops to glare down at me from a branch, and I slowly raise my head to look up at him. Hair pulled back into a ponytail. Brown skin and black eyes. An arrogant smile, along with two extra arms. And that same sort of purple rope belt that Orochimaru wore. Definitely one of his special pets.
Kabuto called this one...the group's intellectual. Kidomaru. Someone who can quickly form a strategy with limited information and wear down his opponents. A strong sense of tactics...the ability to find and exploit weak points, and to refine all of the information he takes in for deadlier attacks with each successive wave.
That makes my strategy a simple one.
"Did you dye it to look exotic? You know only street rats and whores do things like that, right? Doesn't matter to me...it just makes you a nice, bright target to tear through at a distance."
"..."
"Oh, a silent type. Don't worry, you'll be screaming nice and loud when I'm done with you." He reveals two more arms and begins making seals. "Let's get started!"
I clench my fists and glare up at him.
"As you wish...we will begin."
"I'm not taking any chances with a monster bitch like you...whether those rumours about you defeating Lord Orochimaru have anything to them or not, it doesn't matter. Three minutes...I'll play with you for that long."
He chews vigorously before firing a barrage of webs rapidly at me from his perch. I easily slide to my left and past them, continuing to run as he tries to catch me in one of his attacks. His fire then becomes scattered, but it only makes it easier for me to see the trajectories and weave past them with little effort.
"Not bad! Here's the next level!" He spits up several golden daggers and throws them at me in a wave, making me flip backwards to avoid them as they hit the ground. From what I can see, he's using his saliva to create them. Possibly with any type of bodily fluid...this could get a bit tricky if I'm not careful.
I whip a shuriken at one of the webs, and it bounces off like it hit a steel wall. Troublesome. The web flies past me and I dodge several others as he swings through the trees. In the next moment, he jumps down from above and draws a gold sword from his mouth to slash at me.
"!"
Then he fires a web and pulls himself away from me. He doesn't trust his speed against mine, even after crowing about how weak my taijutsu was. I'll try something, then. He stops firing webs for a moment and I race up a tree before jumping into the air, floating towards him as he swings underneath a branch. My right hand tenses and makes a shape.
"..." Kidomaru notices it and again swings away, landing on another branch safely. I come down towards another tree and land solidly on the trunk, sticking to it with chakra. That confirms it...he doesn't want to get hit by Mobius either, and is keeping it at the front of his mind. The slightest chance of me firing it, indicated by a hand movement, was enough to make him back off.
He has a lot of my data, it seems. But not all of it.
Something about those webs, though...they have a lot of chakra running through them. I can sense it every time they get close. It explains why they're so strong; enough to support his body and enough to use as transport. If they're made of chakra, then...
"Can't do anything if I don't hit you...you're more annoying than I thought!"
His chakra is changing. Seems like the curse mark has been activated...but this early? I suppose he really isn't playing around, like he said at the start of this. I see him climb higher into the trees and bite his thumb to draw blood.
"Summoning Jutsu!"
A giant black spider appears above my head, already attached to a massive web that stretches above the canopy and casts a large shadow downwards. It squeezes out a lump of web, and my enemy cuts into it with another one of his self-made daggers.
"Time to spread out! Get a load of this one...Rain of Spiders!"
It's a mass of small spiders that drops down like heavy rain. I hear the snap of wires as a trap is activated, sending sharp spears at me from all sides. It's a tight situation now...
"Hmph..."
"Your time's up with this, Red! Game over! You should have never challenged Kidomaru of the Sound Five!"
The spiders are all spinning webs as they drop down...even if I were to shoot every one of them, it might not be enough to escape. The trap that's been sprung is avoidable if I try to run out of range, but he's definitely accounted for that and will use the opportunity to press me. There's a lot to deal with at once...
"But this isn't too difficult for me."
Only one thing to do. Time to activate the full power of my tracking technique...Crimson Depths, locked on. I can see everything clearly. Next move is to bend my legs, push chakra into my feet, and...
"Jump!"
"Stupid!" Kidomaru's cheeks bulge with chakra in my vision before he fires an arrow from his mouth right at me. At this speed and trajectory...2.5 seconds cut in half is 1.25 seconds. Math was always one of my better subjects...and it helps with paperwork immensely.
"!"
"Mobius...!" I fire a shot at the incoming arrow with my right hand as I rise, knocking it well off course before it shatters into fragments. "Second Barrel!" The second shot from my left hits him dead on, sending him flying upwards. Gold fragments crumble from his skin as he recovers.
"Guh...!"
The same substance as his weapons, then? So he really can emit it from any part of his body. I curl into a ball and pull myself through the air, falling towards a nearby branch safely. Not wanting to end my pressure, I run up the trunk and jump into the air at Kidomaru as he falls, throwing a kick that he blocks with two arms. I spin and stretch my opposite leg out, feinting before trying to get him from below with another kick as we fall together. But he uses two more arms to block, grabbing hold of my foot firmly. I twist around in his grip, my back turned to him, and make seals before aiming with one hand behind my head.
"Water Shark Bullet."
"Gah...!"
The attack hits him dead on, making him release his grip as I'm thrown downwards. I see that the spiders have landed on the ground, coating it in a layer of darkness. That's trouble that I need to take care of; I tighten my core before flipping myself into position, making seals and gathering water in my mouth.
"Colliding Wave!"
A torrent of water bursts forth from my open mouth, hitting the ground and washing away the spiders along with their threads. The shadow that was on the ground from the giant spider's appearance darkens considerably...I turn my body in midair to see that the spider is falling rapidly towards me.
"Trying to crush me...no, you're not that simple, are you? This one's got too much familiar chakra in it..."
I let the spider slam into me as it falls, and substitute with a log as we hit the ground together. Instead of the expected crater, the log I switched with is now covered in a mass of sticky threads. Seems like it was a prudent move, that one.
"Damn. Doing a lot of unexpected crap, aren't you? Didn't expect the difficulty of this game to increase so sharply...you really might be a secret boss after all..."
Kidomaru sneers at me from his hiding place. I stand calmly in another tree, waiting for him to attack. He's confused by the new rhythm of Mobius. A half power shot at double speed was enough to make him put up those sorts of countermeasures. He's gained distance again, though...so I should remain cautious.
"..."
His...chakra is shifting again. This pulse...
"This is...a new level?" I mutter to myself. It's a sinister sort of feeling...making me...ugh. "What is this...I feel like I'm losing my grip..." My hand goes to my head. 'She' is making a lot of noise all of a sudden, dragging my bloodlust out in the open. Annoying...something like this is really annoying. I can feel where this idiot is, but he must be able to track me, too. Cursed seal...second stage?
"!"
I body flicker to one side and jump as a large golden arrow passes right beneath me, blasting apart the trunk that was behind me before.
"Alright! I'm gonna put an end to this game! There's nothing special about you other than your gimmicks! I feel like a loser for getting scared of you!"
"Ending the game...repeating that over and over, aren't you? What happened?" I taunt as I land on the ground. "You said that you were going to finish the game in three minutes, but we're still here."
"Every once in a while, a scrub gets lucky and progresses to a stage they shouldn't have. But now it's over! Weak idiots should realize when they're outclassed, take their loss, and die!"
Oh, he's terrified. This is delicious. "Ufufufu...weak. Calling me weak isn't very nice of you, you know? I'm sure you know all about how I took out your worthless master in the invasion. Mm...I'll tell you what, little spider. Since your game is long over by now, let's play one of mine."
"Wha...?"
I let my special smile come to my lips. "You heard me. It's my turn to play now...and I'm itching to have some fun, you Sound trash." I'll swallow him up properly, but there's a time limit to consider. I don't want to get carried away like I did with Gaara...it's not just my life at stake here.
Let's take him a bit more seriously than usual, even if this power is wasted on garbage. I shift into the first stage of my chakra mode, blue lightning swirling and crackling around my form. I already knew where he was, but the experimenting over the break helped me discover that my tracking and sensing states are also enhanced while in this form. Very useful.
His chakra is shifting again, which means that he's going for another attack from distance. How boring.
"Accuracy one hundred percent...power max! Time for you die, bitch!"
"Bitch? Who is?" I ask.
"Huh?!"
I smile and drive a kunai into his back, making him scream in pain as he falls from his branch. He recovers from his fall with threads, quickly pulling himself into a tree. I watch as his chakra slowly steadies, and he gets ready to prepare another attack. He forms another arrow from his mouth, sets it on the string, and turns on his branch...
...to face me.
"Yo~!"
"How-aaaaaaaagh!" This time, I land a slash across his chest before he leaps away. He's nervous. Hesitating. Now this is what you call a fun game, hmhm.
"Miscalculation, then? That's not your fault, since you could only observe so much. But those new cursed seal forms are something, aren't they?" Dark red skin now, and monstrous black eyes with yellow insides. Three of them, in fact - the other one must have been hidden under his headband before. He has horns like a demon, and a much wider mouth which allows him to make things like that war bow and those terrible arrows. A bow is a sensible weapon...the ability to make weapons that are like steel with nigh-unbreakable string. Multiple arms for superhuman pulling and arrow tension. I did a good job drawing such a menace away from the others, Hina especially.
I lick at the blood on my kunai and grimace. What a horrific taste...what is this flavour? It's awful!
"What is it you call that sort of form?" I say, trying not to gag. "Something lame like...Cursed Seal Level Two?"
"W-what of it?"
"Eh. It just speaks to a lack of imagination, I would say."
"You little...! I'll kill you!"
"With this," I start.
"Next shot!" He continues.
"One hundred twenty percent accuracy. Maximum power!" we say together.
"Yeah?"
I smile and gently place a hand on his shoulder. He turns his head, looking at me with absolute terror.
"I have a question. Can you see the future...with that third eye opened?" I ask.
"No...what...what the fuck ARE YOU?!"
"Oh, me? I'm just...mm." I smile for him, nice and wide. "A really, really big bully."
I shove my hand into his stomach, paralyzing him with the lightning flowing from my body.
"No...fucking dammit, no...!"
"I wonder if you knew this...but when you play games, you should have a cool special move in reserve to end everything. Just makes everything more fun, you know? And it looks like we've hit that time, so I'll show you one of mine. Turns out the only scrub here was you. Sad times." My head tilts to one side as I charge my technique. "I'm sorry to forget at such a time, but...what was your name again?"
"K-Kidoma-"
"Mobius: Double Barrel."
I fire through his stomach, the burst ripping apart the tree trunk behind me in a brilliant flash of light. Kidomaru flies into the air a good distance before falling, making a crater in the ground as he lands.
"Yeah...I don't have an easy time remembering losers," I quip as I drop to the ground. He lies face up in his crater, a large and nasty hole in his body as he bleeds out. He's returned to his natural state, looking upwards into the sky as the life flows out from his form.
"You see, Double Barrel is when I use two fingers on one hand, instead of the one normally used for Mobius. The attack power goes up by a lot, and using the chakra mode helps increase it further. Cool, huh?" I sigh and look up at the trees. "Turns out I was the worst possible match up for you. Hina might have been in trouble against you, thinking about it...mm."
"S-Sasuke...won't return to you...or your village..."
"Oh, of course. I didn't expect him to do so on his own."
"Then...why..."
"Because someone I love asked me to rescue him. And then my friends all committed to this mission, with their hearts and lives on the line. I don't know anything about pulling him out of the darkness, but I'm going to drag him home. If there really is someone that can reach him, they'll be able to do so there. I really can't identify with someone like him, someone with such a weak will...but he is and always will be a part of the Leaf. That's how it is."
"Ugh...you..." He hacks up blood.
"Enjoy your last moments...knowing that just like your worthless master, you and your dreams are dead," I say with a cruel smile. "Game over~."
Kidomaru groans before closing his eyes, and his breathing stops. Finally. It's done.
Every group has an intellectual of sorts within...seems like it was him for their side. Oh well. None of that matters now.
It's time for me to head to the next place as soon as possible. Lee might need my help.

I tear through the forest and across the grassy field. Hina has already linked up with Shikamaru, and Shino is still battling from what I can sense. They all should be done very soon, as I planned...the extra chakra signatures that I don't recognize tell me that things are working out as I thought they would. Always some sort of complication to factor in...
But Lee...he's in trouble. He's clearly used the Inner Gates in his bid to stall, and I can feel a monstrous chakra as I approach. This ace, whoever they are, is a very dangerous opponent. Enough so that Sakura is able to put her full power into protecting the barrel containing Sasuke, which seems to be getting agitated for some reason...
Now Lee's chakra is surging upwards at an incredible rate, and the other chakra is shrinking slightly...I can see a large impact like some sort of meteor strike in the distance before Lee's chakra drops like a lead weight.
"Shit," I say under my breath, moving faster towards him. The other chakra is shifting wildly again, and it feels similar to Kidomaru's Level Two state...so whoever this is also has access to the curse mark. This isn't good. I come within visual range and Lee is on the ground, hacking up blood onto the grass.
"...admirable...Rock Lee. I wish you...in the next world."
The enemy charges Lee with something that looks like a giant drill attached to their arm...they look like some sort of miniature dinosaur. A body flicker won't make it. The normal chakra mode won't cut it either, not even the second stage...
But I have something that will make the impossible reality.
"Here! Now perish!"
I do as I have done hundreds of times before, on that practice field in the Leaf. Form my right hand into a claw shape, and press it over my heart. Flow the chakra through to my fingers, positioned on top of those specific pressure points. Feel the feedback...connect, and push more chakra in.
And with the chakra network activated...feel the flow...twist...and burst! I rotate my hand and make the chakra rush through me, sparking a new explosion of power. Flowing around me like a wicked flame is a shroud of crimson lightning. It's only for a few seconds, but that's all I need in this form!
With a step like lightning itself, I reach Lee and scoop him into my arms, then quickly accelerate to my left and slide to a hard stop in the grass. The earth throws up smoke ahead of us as my shroud disappears, having served its purpose.
"Incredible...that sort of speed," the ace mutters.
"T-that's...Lilith...?" Sakura says, trembling.
"Am I...alive?"
"Yes," I say as I look down at my comrade. "You're alive, Lee."
"I...I see. I...could not-"
"You have nothing to apologize for," I say as I hold him close to me. "Absolutely nothing, you foolish boy. You were a splendid knight today."
"I wanted to save her...both of them...but I..."
"..." I can only look at his body, battered and bruised. There are fragments of what looks like bone lodged in his arms and legs...they're not his own, so they must have come from the freak I just saved him from. I don't know what kind of ability this is...
"Please...please rescue Sakura..."
I look at him sadly. "Battered and broken...filled with regret and despair...and you still think of her."
"I...even if she comes to hate me for this...please...help me save her..."
"I will grant your wish, Rock Lee. In return, you will promise me one thing."
"Yes...whatever you name..."
"Become a wonderful shinobi, no matter what happens. Promise me that much."
"I-I promise."
"Well done. And...even if I am not the princess you sought out, I will give you a just reward for your bravery." I lean my head down and gently kiss him on the cheek. "Rest now...we will bring your beloved home. Praise be for your glorious sacrifice, my faithful knight."
"Captain...thank you..." He passes out in my arms.
"Lili!"
"Hina." I look up to see my comrades returning. "Shikamaru, Shino. You're all safe. Thank the heavens above."
"Lee is..." Hina's expression changes as she looks at Lee.
"He fought with all that he had. I won't let his sacrifice go to waste. None of us will. Hina, I have something to ask of you."
"Awaiting your orders."
"Watch over Lee for the time being and treat his surface wounds. I suspect that he won't be able to move properly for a while yet."
"Yes, ma'am."
"I don't believe it...all of them failed, huh. Then it really was a good thing that I came out here. I'll have to finish this soon," the enemy says as he transforms back to a normal looking state. "There's not much in the way of time for me..."
This is trash who again dresses like Orochimaru; the same sort of loose-fitting shirt only in lavender, the black pants with bandage around the calves and ankles, the same stupid purple robe belt around the waist. His eyes are green, reminding me a bit of Gaara, and he has silvery hair with two ornaments helping to frame his face. Curiously, I can see that his hair is divided into two halves by a zig-zag parting. I have to wonder if these attempts to look cute are just more elements of Orochimaru's brainwashing.
"It's four on two. The odds aren't in your favour," Shikamaru says menacingly. "The first thing you're going to do is let Sakura go. And the second thing is that you're going to keep away from that barrel."
"No...I won't need to do any of that. The time has come."
Everyone's eyes lock onto the barrel as it rumbles. The paper seals tear themselves apart before the barrel explodes outwards, the lid flying high into the air and out of the cloud of black smoke. I watch as someone emerges from the dark shroud slowly.
"Hahaha...so...it's finally started. This power...with this, I'm on my way. I can finally hunt him down and end him..."
"Sasuke!" Sakura squeals.
He emerges fully from the smoke and smirks at us, his Sharingan active. There are three commas in them now, and he's looking down on everyone as if he can't be stopped. His eyes linger on the white-haired Sound shinobi before focusing in on me.
"Well, isn't this just perfect. Too fucking perfect! Great! I get to test my powers on Kobayashi, the number one arrogant bitch of the Hidden Leaf! You chased me all the way out here, and I'm going to make sure you regret it!"
"..."
It's not about me. It was...never about me. Keeping it together is what will allow us to succeed. I keep my head level and address him with the amount of passion he deserves...none at all.
"I'm not here to fuck around any longer," I say tonelessly. "You want to dance with me, but you're going to have to wait your turn. Someone like this ace in front of me is dangerous, enough to do what he did to a strong fighter like Rock Lee. I think he should be dealt with first."
"Don't...don't you talk about me like I'm not-!"
"Boss. What's our next move?" Shino asks, interrupting Sasuke.
"This is the endgame. As I said before, someone strong enough to take out Lee at his best is no joke. But I have a score to settle for Naruto's sake..."
Even so, I can't let myself get pulled into an emotional spiral. Looking at him like this, acting so smug as if he's made the right choice and knows it somehow...it's taking a lot to keep myself from exploding. Slowly and calmly...I have to analyze this situation.
This guy here is fast enough and strong enough to beat back any terrain changes. His chakra levels are high. He's resilient and durable. Hina can't...Shino can't...Shikamaru can't. Sasuke is waiting for me to commit to something. Sakura is hiding behind him, scared.
I know what it is I have to do.
"Recovery Team...new orders. Listen well."


Chapter 56
Scarlet Justice - ep. 56"Hard Road"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Duel]

Okay. It's time to begin the next phase.
"Looks like the scarlet bitch is scared of me," Sasuke sneers. "We'll go, Sakura. We've got somewhere to be."
"Yes."
"I'm taking the dinosaur here," I say to my team. "Lee will stay here with me. Hina, how far along are you with the treatment?"
"All of the bone fragments have been removed, there are none lurking any deeper," she calls back. "His muscles have been torn apart and damaged due to the use of the Inner Gates. There are also fractures in his right arm and leg bones. Otherwise...he's stable, and will be fine for now. I've replaced his bandage and disinfected his wounds."
"Good work. Please join Shikamaru and Shino," I order.
"Yes, understood."
"Team, fall in." They do so at once.
"We're stalling until you get there, right?" Shikamaru asks.
"Right. Nothing more, nothing less. Don't get any dumb ideas, you fucking slacker."
"Don't know what you're talking about."
I grab him by the collar of his jacket and pull him close. "Don't you bullshit me. I know what's going through your head. Everyone here needs you, so I'll repeat myself: don't do anything stupid."
"The Boss is right," Shino says. "And we've agreed from the start that I would be the decoy if anything got too rough."
"And I will defend you after that," Hina says. "Shikamaru, you're the only one who could take on those two by yourself and hold your own in an emergency. You are the most valuable member of our team right now."
"You guys...you're seriously a pain."
"Shut up. Tch, I can't go and bait you with something dirty, since I have no interest in men..."
He smirks. "Yeah, right. Wasn't it you who said you could bother me despite all that?"
I roll my eyes. "I can't control you properly like that, so...I'll ask you as a friend, then. Shikamaru...please. Make sure you come back to me," I say softly.
"I promise, Lili. I won't...do anything too reckless."
"You'd better not." I release him gently. "I'll be there soon. Do your best."
"Yeah. Shino, Hinata. We're going." Sasuke glares at me for a moment before taking off with Sakura, my team following. I glance at Lee, safely resting against a tree in the distance. Since everyone has done their jobs...he should be safe where he is. This dinosaur guy also seems to have a sense of honour, if what I heard before he attacked Lee the last time was correct.
A duel, then. I can easily work with this.
I take a quick step and position myself so that I'm in front of him, a fair distance away. There's a strange mark on his chest, just under the collarbone...that seems to be the form of his cursed seal, then. Is that the 'Gaia' that was mentioned earlier? Kabuto mentioned the Sound Four, but this one makes five, doesn't he? Was this one of the things he was withdrawing? No...whoever this is wasn't in the village, for whatever reason. Was he ill? Unsuited to the mission? It doesn't really seem like it...there's an odd waver in his chakra that I can't decipher the meaning of. But he did mutter about 'not having much time'.
Whoever he is, he's an obstacle that I need to erase. All of the other questions don't matter right now. Getting through him and towards Sasuke is priority one. I felt the increase in Sasuke's chakra levels from the last time we met each other, and it's concerning. None of my comrades could stack up on their own, but together they have a good chance at taking him down. But...if that ritual was for increasing Sasuke's power...
"You're here to retrieve Sasuke, I'm guessing," the ace says plainly, interrupting my thoughts.
"Yes, I am. And you?"
"Sasuke is part of Lord Orochimaru's ambition, his dream. I was at one point as well, but this is all that I can do now. I will bring him to the Sound."
"Orochimaru is dead, if you haven't heard. And Kabuto is in our custody right now, being fed three square meals a day. Feel free to try and bust him out if you want."
"I know that it's not over...there is a way to bring Lord Orochimaru back into this world. I can feel him living on, inside of me. Inside of this curse that I draw power from. Calling to me in my dreams."
"Ah. That's pretty creepy." And delusional. I don't know what he's babbling about, and don't want to know. This one is clearly brainwashed. Just a puppet with no other purpose. With his master dead, he's dead set on following the program to the letter, even if it makes no sense to do so. "Could you just die, please?"
"I will not. This body will never tire until Lord Orochimaru's dream is fulfilled."
"That's annoying," I say. "You know, I have strange dreams sometimes. Lewd ones."
"Why are you telling me about this?"
"Mm? I'm going to kill you and I want to vent, so it won't matter what I say right now. But yes, I wonder about my place in society. About liking girls and thinking about them so often, especially in the way that I do."
"So you're a deviant."
"That's an interesting way of putting it." I pause and realize something. The two markings on his forehead...red dots. I remember this from my studies. "You're a member of the Kaguya clan, right? That power...it's called Dead Bone Pulse."
"So you know of my clan. I am the last scion."
"Mm-hm. Warmongers who got themselves killed by being bloodthirsty idiots. Interesting that you'd remark about deviancy...I'm sure you're familiar enough with it on your end. You know, brothers and sisters and cousins all fucking each other endlessly to keep the bloodline pure, just so you could go out and kill some more later. For the sake of the clan, of course."
"..."
"And Orochimaru found you all alone. He gave you purpose. He saw your potential and nurtured it. Do you know about the Uchiha?" I ask, putting a hand on my hip.
"Yes. I have heard the stories."
"They were wiped out as well. Do you relate to Sasuke on that end?"
"Somewhat."
"Mm. Interesting. But yes, I'm supposedly a menace to society. Or will be soon enough. I wonder if it would be wise to try and build a harem. Or maybe I should just pick out a girl with exotic flavour and run off to the mountains with her. That sounds nice. Or a platoon of maids that I could have fun with, like my stepmother does. She's terribly raunchy, that woman. Has quite a few kinky videos out for sale, more than she admitted to me the other day."
"This conversation isn't very ladylike," my opponent says. "I wonder if you're trying to distract me, or conduct some sort of psychological warfare to gain an advantage."
"Not really," I say with a wave of my hand. "I just wanted to talk about that a little, like I said."
"I see. Naturally, your teammates would not be receptive to such a thing."
"Hm? No, that's not the reason. I tell them about other lewd things all the time. I just felt like sharing that one with you today."
He narrows his eyes. "You're clearly unhinged."
"Ah. I see now." I let out a breath and flex my hands. "You know, it's been a while since I could bully someone freely like this."
"Bully?" he asks, confused.
"Yes. The other one...I forgot his name already. The scrub loser who tried to couch everything in terms of games and shot webs like a spider. Boring for the most part. One track mind. Let's see...Hina killed the fat sack of trash, Shikamaru took care of the pretty boy with two heads, and Shino must have stuffed his bugs down the throat of that trashy, filthy mouthed little bitch. Then there's you. Lee did quite well against you, seeing as you're practically a human cheat code."
"..."
"But that's what a few extra years of growth and experience will do for you. Leaves a sizable gap, especially with your shitty master and his enhancements."
"I suggest you not talk about Lord Orochimaru that way."
For someone who was so confident about his composure, it sure was easy to find a way in. I exhale audibly and split my legs easily to stretch them, sliding all the way down to the grass.
"Lord Orochimaru," I reply lazily. "Very interesting specimen. My sister and I helped do him in, you know. The Third Hokage delivered a magnificent death blow. Using things like the Edo Tensei...a man like that truly is trash. It's no wonder garbage like you and Sasuke cling to him and his memory so much."
"Lord Orochimaru is not trash," he says firmly.
"I wonder what you think you are?" I ask as I look up at him. "You said that this was all that you could do...mm. With that ability, and the original plans for Sasuke...ah, I see. You were the original choice for his new vessel. But you must be sick, or deficient in some way, correct? He must have kept you alive for your genetic material. For your powers...for your jutsu. Once you could no longer serve your original purpose, you were discarded, put into a box until the next time he wanted to play with you. You never meant anything to that man."
"Be quiet..."
"You're just another tool," I say as I lean forward and continue stretching. "Another means to an end. And Sasuke is like that too, now. Do you enjoy your brainwashing, Mister Kaguya?"
"Shut up..."
"You're unable to believe that you're worth anything unless your Lord Orochimaru wills it. That's why you cling so desperately to his final orders," I say as I stand up again.
"Shut up! What would you know-"
"Everything," I interrupt. "Everything. I know what loneliness is. Even if the person is despicable...even if we say we hate them...we cling to them as our hope. As our anchor. That's how I know. It doesn't matter if the person is good or bad. Loneliness isn't something you can defeat on your own."
"You're wrong. You're wrong," he protests. "Lord Orochimaru wished nothing but the best for me. He still does. I know that he lives inside of me still, and I will help return him to his full glory. Even if it costs me my life. The first step to all of that is retrieving his legacy...Sasuke Uchiha."
"So you carry on Orochimaru's will."
"Yes. I see that you're not as much of a dim whore as I thought."
"Whore. That one has seen use already today. I guess the vocabulary in the Hidden Sound is limited, then? Unfortunate. So you say that you carry another will inside of you...well."
"?"
"What's two wills against seven, then?" I ask him.
"Seven?"
"All of my friends. Not just the ones that have come with me, but the ones back home. Ino and Naruto. Lee and Hina. Shikamaru and Shino. And me. All of us together, backed by the faith of our Hokage and an entire village."
"Foolishness. My will and that of Lord Orochimaru together is stronger than anything you can name. Enough talk." He changes back into his Level 2 state, shifting into a stance. Large, thick bones grow up and out from his back, and his skin turns dark grey. He has a long tail that's topped with spiky bones, and strange markings under his eyes.
His chakra is gigantic in size, but it's also wavering even more than before, becoming increasingly unstable. This...is his health declining? It might be what he kept alluding to earlier. There's the possibility that he's dying as we speak. But if that's the case, it makes him even more dangerous. He doesn't have a reason to hold back against me. Now that I've wound him up, I need to take advantage of the opening and finish this quickly. This development makes me even more worried about what Sasuke might do.
"Once I end this...I'll send Rock Lee off peacefully, as thanks for his valiant effort in battle earlier. And after that, I will join Sasuke in slaughtering the rest of your friends. You will all pay for trying to destroy Lord Orochimaru's dream."
"I'm feeling good about taking your head right here. I already shredded another monster a while back, during our little tournament back in the Leaf. A so called beast...but in the end, he was just trash before me. Just like your worthless master."
"You...!" He charges me and I blow by him to the other side, leaving him to swipe through an afterimage. So he's not as fast in this form as I assumed...interesting.
"You should understand by now, boy. Trash multiplied by garbage equals rubbish. Do the math. You're fucking through. I won't allow you the pleasure of riding off into the sunset and dying once you've completed your holy orders. No...I'm going to tear you into chunks and swallow your essence."
"You're sick," he growls.
"Fuck you. You worship a creepy asshole who's spent his life kidnapping children and experimenting on them just for fun. A man who constantly lusted after pre-pubescent bodies, who stalked little boys and girls and exploited them when they had nowhere to go. A worthless, despicable fucking predator who deserved to die for the things he did. You talk about my deviancy, but you...you're lower than scum. I'm sorry that I even have to fight you. And I'm even more sorry that I have to run after that walking dustbin called Sasuke."
"Why, then?"
"Because I love that boy more than I hate Sasuke," I say plainly. "And I promised him that Sasuke would come home."
"That boy?"
"Why do you suddenly care about what I have to say? You're going to die anyways."
"Tch. Introductions are long overdue, but...I am Kimimaro Kaguya, loyal servant of Lord Orochimaru and the leader of the Sound Five."
"Lilith Kobayashi, number one deviant whore of the Hidden Leaf," I shoot back. "Oh...and I can also use jutsu, if you were curious."
"Cute." Kimimaro sprouts bones from his palms and takes a stance, his heavy tail thumping against the ground. "I'll try and give you a merciful death."
"Disappointing," I say with a smug smirk. "I really like it rough."
"I can accommodate you, little wench." He body flickers forward, but I can easily see him coming. My feet quickly take me backwards as I immediately make handseals.
"Water Shark Bullet."
The moisture from the air around me is pulled into the shape of a shark quickly, shooting forward towards Kimimaro. He runs forward and barrels through the attack without so much as flinching, then jumps into the air and starts spinning like a wheel. I flicker to one side as he lands, charging me again. I plant my feet and make the snake seal.
"False Darkness."
The arrow of lightning erupts from my mouth. He pushes off the ground and dodges the attack swiftly, whipping his hands forward. I toss a shuriken to deflect the incoming projectile and watch as his fingertips pull themselves together after being split. It looks like he has the same idea that I do. He's sizing me up and using ranged attacks to counter my own.
I'm figuring things out as he keeps me at a distance, firing pieces of bone from his fingers and toes rapidly. I move to dodge and draw a kunai to deflect as many shots as I can, running along the grassy plain. It's evident why Lee had so much trouble earlier. From what I can see, he's likely to be much swifter in his normal state...but his movements are still fluid, and as much as I hate to admit it, beautiful as well. I only wish my taijutsu looked as fabulous. Based on all of that, and the fact that I'm not as good as Lee in that sort of combat, I'm in big trouble if he closes in on me too quickly. I have to leverage my two clear advantages - my speed and sensing ability.
He stops, resets, and moves to charge me again. I body flicker out of the way and throw a lightning charged set of shuriken to buy more time. He shoots out more bone from his fingers to deflect them, and I take the opportunity to space myself again. I don't know if False Darkness can rip through his skin and bone, but he's wary of it as demonstrated earlier. That gives me confidence with Mobius. Water Release is only useful for stalling, unless I find some means of drowning him.
I watch as a bone extends itself from his upper back, breaking through his skin. This sort of bloodline limit is something...little wonder Orochimaru coveted it, with his need to jump into fresh young bodies every so often.
"Dance of the Clematis: Vine!"
In an instant, he pulls his spine from his body and fashions it into a whip. He flicks his wrist and launches the tip at me, forcing me to jump as it goes towards my legs.
"Fall!"
"Have to..." My jump is purposely low, and the first part of the whip sails beneath me. I tighten up and quickly twist my body over to do a hand plant, lowering myself towards the grass as the whip flies overhead. I then rebound into the air and backflip to avoid the next part of the whip as it sails by, then draw my kunai again to spin and parry another attack as I'm floating upwards.
"Tch...!"
He's not slowing up. The whip stretches out and I slash at the segments as they try to tear into me while I fall to earth again. I flip over another segment as it goes beneath me and split my legs to avoid one more, tuck and spin, then untuck and arch my back to avoid one last set of spines before landing in a crouch safely on the grass. I take a quick breath and bounce backwards out of the whip's range, sizing up Kimimaro again.
What a troublesome enemy I've drawn today.
"Your taijutsu is sloppy, but I have to admit that your body control is incredible," Kimimaro says.
"And you worship a pedophile, but your taijutsu is close to immaculate," I reply.
"So it seems that you have a sense of honour and decorum after all."
"We're both surprised on that end. I didn't think I would have anything nice to say to you."
"Unfortunate...in a better world, we could have worked side by side to realize a wonderful dream. But in this world, your life ends today, Lilith Kobayashi."
"An interesting choice of words. But I told your subordinate with the missing stomach once before...your dream is dead, Kimimaro Kaguya."
I note his chakra shifting and his fingertips starting to split apart once more. It seems he's going to try and bring me back within his range. But as he takes off, his body changes and his skin lightens. There are now just the jagged black lines running all over him from his Level 1 state.
But I can see his plan already. His speed has gone up after leaving that heavier, more powerful form. No sense in taking too many risks, then...I'll push him to the limit with the chakra mode.
"Let's kick it up a bit...with some real speed."
I flick the shroud on and watch for his whip, accelerating through it as he attacks and hopping through the new space created. My hand goes to the holster on my leg and I draw my kunai once more, surging lightning chakra through it. My turn to move.
"Wh-"
He stops his new attack midway and quickly dashes to my left, escaping with just a deep cut in his neck. It's already started healing by the time I face him again. I flick my tongue along the edge of my kunai.
"..." The same as before. He's been pumped full of drugs too, so I don't want any parts of his filthy blood. Kimimaro launches his whip at me again, and I parry the front of it before accelerating again past the rest. My hand rises upwards and he sprouts bones from his neck to defend in anticipation; I quickly move and slash away at his chest instead, drawing blood and making him stumble backwards. He recovers and has sharp spines of bone shoot out from his elbows and knees before going into a rolling attack. It's a fluid transition...he really is good.
I want to test the gap between us, and now is the best time. He misses with his first move and I shoot forward in the space he leaves me, ramming my kunai into the right side of his chest. Bone surges outward and manages a few shallow cuts on my arm before I can retreat. Thankfully, the chakra mode has done its job and provided some protection.
As I back away again, Kimimaro has changed back into his Level 2 form and has the now charred and crumbling bone on his chest break apart. He starts with his bone bullets again and I rush forward to meet him, slashing through his ranged attacks outright with the help of the chakra mode. He's slower to react and I slash at him rapidly, but his skin is incredibly hard to get through now, even with the help of lightning chakra.
I need something stronger, more concentrated. If I can force him to properly regenerate, it will take away some of his chakra, and thus the 'time' he has remaining in this fight.
"I'll try it," I say to myself. Mobius is already charging in my right hand, and Kimimaro doesn't hesitate, launching his whip at me while I idle.
"I've got you!"
The whip's movement...perfect. "Mobius!" I fire my attack right through multiple points of the whip, tearing it apart while blowing out his chest. Lightning bursts outwards from the impact and he's thrown back a fair distance, smoke rising from his body as he stands up. I watch as something crumbles away from his body...entirely too similar to that Kidomaru's gold armour from the last fight. But I can feel that his chakra level has decreased...
"Ah. Using bone to reinforce himself as the attack hit. He must have felt something coming and prepared, or guessed at the least," I say with realization. "But it's just like the other times. Our speeds were close in our normal forms...once I started to use the chakra mode, I pulled away from him. All it takes is a small edge at this level of combat, and you'll be on your back foot very quickly."
"That kind of Lightning Release...so that was what you were hiding all along. And that technique is similar to his..."
He's talking about Chidori. Hm. Now that I've made sure to carefully plan my movements, there's nothing he can really do to me. His attacks are strong, and his style of taijutsu is just about flawless. But now, I'm in a space that he can't control. Not with his whip, or his finger bone bullets, or anything in that arsenal of his that I can think of. The improved rate of 2.5 seconds for Mobius forced him to make a desperate effort to defend, and in his steel-hard Level 2 form at that.
"..." He's not liking his odds as much anymore, is he. And I doubt that he will change back to his normal state or even that first level of the curse, because I've revealed such a dangerous jutsu. But there are solutions to such problems, surely.
"What do I do now, I wonder..." I gather chakra again, taking a full three seconds this time just to be sure. Kimimaro body flickers towards me, and I jump easily over his head. He spins and tosses more of the bullets at me, and I do an extra flip in the air to float over them before landing. As I turn, I see that he was just buying time to pull bone from his shoulders, formed into sharp swords. He sprouts more bone from his chest and limbs as he charges me again, confident in his ability.
"That technique is useless against me!" he yells as I charge back at him. With his reinforcement, it would be trivially easy for him to absorb the incoming damage and destroy my arm in a trade by skewering it with his ribcage, or something to that effect.
"Sorry to say, but this technique isn't outdated yet. When the day comes that my jutsu isn't as strong as it should be, I'm going to spend time torturing people inside Intelligence." Well, I could also become one of those madams instead, keeping troubled girls off the streets in exchange for...relevant services towards the male populace. Yes, that seems to fit my image better. "As far as you know, there's still more."
"Then come, show me your pitiful technique!"
"Mm..."
It's a silly thing. A technique that doesn't obey normal procedure, and transforms one type of thing into another. A technique that doesn't pierce; nothing like Chidori at all, or even what Mobius is supposed to be. In fact, it's bad at the thing that Mobius is meant to excel in.
But it does its one function extremely well. It cuts like something out of a dream.
Normal high speed attacks have bothersome tunnel vision, but it doesn't apply here, not to me. My natural speed, reflexes, and the boost in perception from my chakra mode maximize my ability and efficiency in close. It gives this technique the boost it truly needs as a split-second, last moment attack. The type of attack that fits perfectly in the hands of a long range shooting artist like me.
I accelerate towards Kimimaro and recall the training I did weeks earlier. The movements of those elite athletes burned into my mind, recreated through hours and hours of repetition until they became as easy as walking. This move, called the crossover step...by mastering it, I can step around my opponent with ease and punish their mistakes. I make the change of pace cut as Kimimaro's rib bones shoot outward, cutting lightly into my cheek as I rush through and underneath his right side. I swing my arm upwards, and at the last moment, I fire, just as I always do.
"Mobius Type 3..."
Ultra-high speed severing technique. The jutsu fires and solidifies into a short, rapidly vibrating blade of lightning that extends from my two fingers. Kimimaro moves out of the way.
"Epyon."
I put as much force as possible into my arm, timing it with my firing and aiming for his neck as he moves past me. I slide to a stop and immediately turn, seeing that he's escaped his fate with a deep gash on the side of his neck. My technique disappeared moments after coming into existence, already having served its purpose.
"It's a miss, then."
My tongue reaches out to lick some of the blood on my cheek. It's mine this time...of course, that means it has a pleasant taste.
"But the test was successful. I can use this in the future, definitely," I say with a smile.
"So even this form is weak to it," Kimimaro mutters. His chakra drops again as his bones start to extend from his right shoulder, muscle and tissue forming around them. I walk forward and pick up his severed arm, looking at it curiously for a moment before throwing it over my shoulder.
"I wonder how you're feeling right now," I say to him. "Surely you realize that your odds are dropping by the second...so it would be nice if you just gave up and let me run after Sasuke."
"..." He focuses and bones grow around his left arm, wrapping themselves into a spiral shape that is formed like a drill. The same technique he meant to kill Lee with, then. If he combines that slow sort of attack with the 'vine' from earlier, it would be easier to land a strike...but otherwise, it's pointless. What is he thinking?
"This is my strongest technique...but it won't be just that. I'll make sure that you suffer and die, right here and now. This...is my final dance." He kneels down and punches the ground with his restored right hand.
"?"
"Dance of the Seedling Fern."
Chakra coming from...below. From the earth? Things quickly become clear as a wave of bones erupts from the ground and rumbles towards me. What the hell is this kind of technique? This is a bone power, too? Details don't matter, I'm as good as dead if it hits me. Coming from ahead, jumping up from the sides...he's going to turn every inch of this place into a field of piercing bones, and I unfortunately can't grow wings and fly.
"!"
Lee. He's going to get hit, too...attacking Kimimaro to try and end the technique is completely out. Time to move!
"Sorry, you bone blasting booster. I'm not dying in this place."
I force chakra through my body and activate the chakra mode's second stage, moving as fast as I can and heading for the tree line where Lee is. The bones are rumbling behind me, forming what looks like a forest in itself. I grab Lee and jump high into a tree, bouncing upwards on branch after branch to avoid the bones that are extending to try and reach me. I get high enough that they can't get to us, and eventually the movement of chakra stops, the bones ceasing to appear and grow.
"Shit...that was close," I say as I shut off the chakra mode and take in air.
"Then let me get closer!"
"Bastard-!" The trunk explodes beneath me, sending the upper half of the tree falling towards the sharp bones below. It crashes down as I jump off, quickly making a seal with my hands and firing False Darkness to shatter the bones in my landing area. "No good...where is he..."
"I've never been brainwashed...these things are what I think! They all come from my own reasoning!"
"!" I throw Lee from my arms.
"You don't know anything, you bitch!"
"Ugh...!"
He thrusts the bone spear through my chest.
"What?"
I gasp and disappear in a cloud of smoke, transforming into something familiar.
"My...arm?"
Three seconds have already passed. I stand sideways on one of the bone blades behind him, finger pointed towards his head.
"You were right. It is the end."
I fire, ripping cleanly through his skull with a focused shot. He sways for a moment before falling out of his perch and to the ground, reverting to his normal form as his healing struggles to work.
"You obviously love him so much...so you can go ahead and greet your shitty master in hell, Kimimaro Kaguya. Rest in pieces."
I stand over him and fire another blast of chakra, obliterating his skull for good this time.
"Sorry, Lee. That was cruel of me, even if it was to save you one last time." I make sure there's no activity coming from Kimimaro before placing Lee against one of the bone structures. He's sleeping pretty deeply right now...oh, never mind.
"Ah...Captain?"
"Yes, it's me." I watch as he slowly stirs, opening his eyes.
"Did you...defeat that enemy?"
"I did. I have to go to where Sasuke is. You should be safe here." Even if I need my equipment, Lee needs it much more. I take as many tools as I can out of my bag, and leave myself with a handful of soldier pills so that he can have the rest. "Those will be of use to you."
"Are you sure?"
"I'm sure. The four of us will be back soon, okay?"
"Yes, I understand. Good luck."
"Thank you."
This is it. This is where everything will come to an end. I start my run through the forest of bones and get into the open field again, accelerating towards the border and the final valley that separates the two sides. The place called the Valley of the End, where the two titans Hashirama Senju and Madara Uchiha fought their very last duel. The valley was created by their battle...something that hasn't been replicated since by any shinobi in this world.
I can feel everyone's chakra...and things are not good at all. Shino's in some sort of trouble, and Shikamaru doesn't seem well...Hinata is the only one in any condition to fight-
"...!"
What's happened...? Why is her...?
"Hina...?" I push chakra through my system and run as fast as I can towards her position. No. No, this can't be happening...Hina! She's not gone, she can't be!
"Chief!"
I run past Shikamaru and Shino. And I can see it...
"Hina!" I scream.
She's falling from the top of the cliff, lightning trailing her. Not moving.
I won't...let it happen!
"Make it in time! Chaotic Movement!"
"At your will! FLOW!"
I jump with everything I have and reach forward, Crim extending his body as far as it can go. Please...make it in time! Make it in time!
"Secure!" Crim yells.
"To me!" I scream out frantically. And she comes, pulled back by Crim's strong jaws, slamming into me roughly and sending us both to the ground in a cloud of dust.
"Lili...ugh..."
I can't stop crying. All I can do is hold her close to me, trembling. I can't...go on like this. I can't.
I will end everything today. I...will never...forgive him...


Chapter 57
Scarlet Justice - ep. 57"Outride A Crisis"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Final]
"Sorry that we couldn't do more."
"Stop with the apologizing," I say to Shikamaru. "You did well. Don't worry about anything else..."
I lay Hina on the ground in front of me. She's awake and in pain, with her left shoulder bleeding. I pull her arm out of her jacket and cut away the sleeve of her shirt. It's not as bad as it could have been, but still awful...
It's difficult right now, but I wipe away my tears and hold my focus. One more time...for the people I care about. "Status report, please."
"My leg's screwed up from trying to dodge Sasuke's attacks," Shikamaru starts. "Shino's running super low on insects after Sasuke started hitting us with fire attacks, one after the other. Sakura didn't help with her traps and explosions. They've got good coordination, and beyond that...Sasuke is way too strong. Outside of any calculations that I had of him."
"It's the cursed seal. The power must be merging with his body, and making him that much stronger than before. It's a good thing I didn't bring Naruto out, he wouldn't have stood a chance as he was."
"We could hold them for a little while before I got hurt, and then everything started to fall apart, bit by bit. Hinata was doing her best, too..."
"I know. I could feel you guys from way out as soon as I finished my duel. Lee is back there, and he should be safe from harm for now. We...we need to finish this fight quickly and get back to him...and Hina..."
"We'll take care of her, Boss." He hands me a canteen and I drink water out of it. "Basic first aid...that much is within our grasp."
"I'm really sorry...my leg is shot and it's taking a lot to stand on it."
"I'll take care of the rest, Shikamaru. It's as you said...his power has grown at a terrifying rate, and with that being the case, it's up to me to take him on. I have things I need to settle..." I take a deep breath in. "Stay here with Hina for now. Watch out for Sakura's movements in the meantime...you two are enough to take care of her, even in your states, but stay cautious either way."
"Got it, Chief. You go get him...put and end to this for all of us."
"I promise I will." I rise to my feet, looking at my sister one last time. She's breathing softly, her eyes dimmed and halfway open.
My words were not just for show. I meant it...I will never forgive him for what he's done to us. To Shikamaru, and Shino...and to Hina. Especially her. Attacking her...hurting her like this. He's going to suffer for what he's done.
I race up the cliff, through the trees and towards the two statues on either side of the border. With a single leap, I cross the waterfall, going from Hashirama's upraised fingers to Madara's head.
Sasuke stands there, waiting.
"So it's you this time. Welcome."
I keep my face turned away from his. "Why did you hurt her..."
"I-"
"Why. Why did you do such a thing. Tell me. Why. Sasuke. Why."
"Kobayashi...you should have left when you had the chance. All of you should have left. This is no longer your problem, and I have no time to play with you Leaf children anymore. It's time for me to move forward."
I finally look at him, and see the curse mark spreading across his face like black flames. One of his eyes is pitch black with a yellow center, and he smirks at me, arrogantly. It's too much to take. It's too much for my soul to handle, and I'm burning up inside. I can't feel anything...but anger. So much anger...it won't stop hurting me...
"I...hate...you."
"..."
"I will...never...forgive you. Never. I will never do it," I say as I start to cry again. "It hurts...so much. Being here, in front of you, having to do all of this, having to suffer over and over and over. I love Naruto so much...but you are so worthless. I hate you so fucking much..."
"And yet..."
"And yet," I repeat. "It's because I love him so much...and I swore on my soul that I would bring you home. I will bring you back to the Leaf, no matter what it takes."
He laughs at me. Like nothing matters. "Will you? Then come and try it, bitch."
Everything hurts so much...so damn much...it won't stop hurting! It fucking hurts! It hurts, it hurts, it hurts! I want to kill him! I want to tear him apart and it hurts me! Why won't this pain stop?! I'm trying, aren't I? Why?! Why won't it stop?!
It's going to burst me apart and I can't stop crying.
"..."
It has...to flow. From me. I have to let...it out. Or else I'll go insane, and I'll die. I'll tear him apart, and then I'll die for sure.
"I...will show you every terrible thing in my heart, Sasuke. Every disgusting emotion. I will drown you in them...I will make you understand."
He smiles and activates his Sharingan, charging me to throw a punch. I block it and jump before kicking him in the face, sending him flying down from the top of Madara's statue. He sails through the air and recovers, dropping downward into the valley. I watch as he bounces from space to space along the sheer wall of rock, then lands on top of the body of water below. I follow him down, landing with a wide space between us as the waterfall churns in the background.
"To sever my bond with the Leaf...and to put you in your place. This is the perfect way to do it," he says. "Everything...will begin here."
The heat keeps building up inside of me. I don't want to hear anything. I don't want to think about anything. But...I know which path I want to take. I know what I want to give into for this final battle. I'm shaking, like all of the other times. Scared...not that he would hurt me, but that I would lose control. That I would turn into him, that I would surrender to the voice in my head saying to choke his life away, just like he did mine. Retribution for the scars he gave me.
I want to be better than that. Because I am better than that.
I keep thinking of Hina...seeing her in that state. The rage that threatens to consume me. This mission, this fight...I wanted to believe for a moment that I could just put everything aside and fight for others. I tried...but that could never be all of it. It never could be.
This selfishness is a part of me. It's what makes me human.
I want to embrace something. I will...embrace the warmth that's inside of me, one more time. The dream that Naruto entrusted to me through his tears. I'm going to hold onto it with all that I have. I close my eyes and meditate, taking in deep, heavy breaths as I stand on the water. I want to find myself. Reclaim what was fading away in the midst of this fighting and anger.
The world slows, and a field of white light appears beneath my feet. I kneel down to the ground on instinct.
"Lili...!"
"I'm here," I say with a warm voice. The little child with blonde hair runs to me, and I take him gently into my arms. "Don't worry...everything will be okay. I will protect your dream."
"Doesn't it hurt?"
"Yes. It does. It hurts a lot. It's...a heavy burden. The weight feels like it might be too much sometimes."
"I...I don't want you to get hurt. Even if I...want my friend back. I don't want to lose you, Lili."
"It's alright. I can endure. Oh, but you really are a sweet child..." I let him go, looking into his bright blue eyes with a smile. "Let's work together. I need just one thing from you, my love."
"One...thing?"
I nod and rise to my feet. The small child becomes the boy that I fell in love with. He is brave and strong. But he loves me all the same.
"What is it?" he asks.
I take his hand. "Come with me. Let's bring him back together. I will become your instrument as I promised you, your sword of justice. But it can't be just me, moving on my own. My will, joined with yours...that is what will bring Sasuke back home."
"Together..."
"Yes...together. Both of us."
"I'll give you everything I have, then. I'm sorry, Lili."
"For what?"
"Using you...like this. Sasuke...the things he's done, and the pain he's caused you..."
"You have nothing to apologize for, my love. I chose this. I wanted to help you, because you have a heroic spirit. And I said it before...I am a weapon, beautiful and strong. To be used in battle is my joy. You are not taking advantage of me, nor are you degrading me. I can love you, and I can want this life for myself. You don't need to feel guilt...this is what I was made for."
"Yeah. Then...we can do this. I know we can." He smiles for me. "You're the girl I gave my dream to. I've always believed in you, Lili."
"I only needed that reminder. I do this because I love you. More than I could ever hate him."
The pain has disappeared completely. I am at peace.
As I open my eyes, the world resumes its flow. Sasuke stares at me with his Sharingan, the curse mark receding. I can sense his power, and he's about the same strength overall as I am. We have our specialties and differences to consider. It will come down to those things...how well we can execute and take advantage of the flow of battle.
My mind is finally clear. I know what I must do.
"For today, I put away my title as Scarlet Viper," I say to Sasuke.
"..."
"My name is Lili Kobayashi. I stand here on behalf of Naruto Uzumaki, as the weapon that will protect his dream. I am his sword of justice."
"What? Are you two fooling around, then?" he asks.
"A weapon is at home on the battlefield, where she can perform her duties without hesitation," I continue. "Today, I am proudly guided by his heroic hand. My leader, my master, my king. Whatever you might call him...I am at his command. Sakura is the one he loves...the one he yearns for even now. Even if she is unworthy of his love, I will return her to her rightful place as well. But even if he didn't ask for her to safely come home, another has."
"Ino."
"Yes. Ino loves Sakura, even after her betrayal. Even after she caused that tragedy..."
"Tragedy?"
"We put an end to the Sound Five...and they tried to take Ino's life before leaving the village."
"!"
"You didn't know...but I doubt that even if you knew, you would care. You've delivered nothing but pain and hurt to those who called you comrade. Those who called you friend. Those who called you family."
"So what...I didn't ask anyone to get in my way. I never asked you to risk your lives coming after me. You've done enough...all you have to do is walk away, Kobayashi."
"I promised. And I keep my promises to those I love. It's time to put an end to this madness. Make your move, Sasuke Uchiha...give me everything you have."
He growls. "Fine! You'll get your death wish!" He weaves seals and breathes in. "Fire Release: Fire Ball Jutsu!"
He breathes out a large fireball towards me, at least twice my height. For the chakra cost, it's a very good opening move. But I'm not some loser contemporary. I'll make sure he learns who I am.
I make my own seals and push one hand forward. This is my world.
"Water Release: Water Shark Bullet."
Five sharks rise from the water around me, two slamming into the fireball and erasing it in a veil of steam. The other three race towards Sasuke and send up a cascade of water as they collide. Sasuke has already evaded and closes in on me. It's going to be close with a fully matured Sharingan.
He starts with a punch combination; I duck and weave through each blow easily. He draws a kunai and I keep weaving past his strikes, trying to give him as little chance to counter as possible. His face is calm as he keeps trying to connect with an attack, analyzing my movements with his eyes. I keep myself steady, remaining on the defensive and waiting for my own opening. He shifts and holsters his kunai, driving forward with strikes that are heavier than I remember. He's clean and technical, placing each punch and kick in places that will shatter my guard if I'm not careful. Methodical movement, similar to Kimimaro. My movements borrow from him, memories of the last fight flowing through my head. I remain fluid, moving with grace and dancing across the water lightly. Not as strong as him, but faster, enough that I can stay a step ahead of the Sharingan.
It's a tense, dangerous game, even if neither of us are showing it on our faces.
Sasuke shifts again, drawing his kunai and reversing his grip. Our hands quickly start to slap at each other, sounding out loudly as we jockey for position.
"Ah..."
I feel it coming. Sasuke forces me into a parry with my right hand and takes advantage. He reads my movement and I make a desperation move, quickly tilting my head left as he changes grip on his kunai, and getting a slash across my right cheek for my troubles. He quickly chains the miss into an elbow strike to the chest, and it stings a bit more than I assumed it would...taking those sorts of blows will feel different as I keep growing, I suppose...
I slide backwards across the water and then accelerate quickly before he can properly react, kneeing him in the stomach before following with a spinning kick that he just barely blocks. I spin back in the opposite direction and throw a kunai that he dodges, then hit the water before jumping backwards and going into a roll while making the snake seal.
"False Darkness."
I break out of my tumble and open my mouth, the spear of lightning shooting from it towards him. He quickly strings together four seals, and activates the technique I thought he would...Chidori. Raising his hand, he absorbs the impact of the jutsu I fired, the lightning around his hand growing in intensity.
"Thanks for the boost, idiot! Now...you can just die!"
He puts his full speed into a shunshin, rocketing towards me with his left hand skimming the water below and throwing up waves in his wake. A full speed charge already? What could he be...
"Do it!" he suddenly yells.
"Yes!"
Is that...Sakura? What is she...oh, hell. They're boxing me in! I turn my head to see what she's going to do...
...and what greets me is the most magnificent sight.
"Not in your fucking life!"
"!"
Sakura turns her head, and her face is immediately pushed in by Hina's solid right hand straight as she flies in from the heavens above. They crash together into the water with a violent splash, Shino right behind them and Shikamaru hopping as fast as he can to catch up.
"We've got her taken care of, Chief! Go full throttle on that asshole!" Shikamaru yells.
"Underestimating me...underestimating us...you'll always be trash for that reason, Sasuke," I say as I return my attention to him. I narrow my eyes and focus.
My turn.
"Accelerate."
"!"
I push myself into the second stage of the chakra mode and burst ahead in a spray of water, grabbing Sasuke's left hand and sealing away his Chidori. I follow by kneeing him in the chest, sending him flying backwards. He recovers quickly from the shock and barely dodges my next punch, but he's still slow. I pull my fist back and forward in one fluid motion, hitting him with the second attack and sending blood and spit flying from his mouth. I'm in the game now.
"Shit...!"
I cut under his block and hit his stomach, then chain it to successive hooks to the head. My foot sweeps him off of his before I kick him into the air, then follow up with something I know he'll hate. I shift back and kick him high into the air, then land a drop kick that sends him flying away from me.
All of our hearts as one...I'll show him our strength.
"From me to you, Sasuke. Let's begin." I prepare a kunai and wrap it in a tag, then throw it at him. He dodges, only to see that the explosive note has done nothing; using the time I have, I flare up the chakra mode a bit and body flicker to meet him.
"First move is a feint, you know!" Shikamaru!
"What-!" He moves to start up Chidori, but I'm faster. I weave seals and spew out a torrent of water that washes him back towards the waterfall, then speed behind him to drive an elbow into his back.
"Give your best...never underestimate even the smallest opponent!" Shino!
"Guh...!"
Faster...! "Always keep advancing...never turn back!" Hina! I rock forward with a fast first step as he turns, and start my attack. "And when you hit a stubborn wall, knock it down with a big combo!" Ino! I drive my fists into him with the Hyuuga rhythm. Two hits! Four hits! Eight hits! Sixteen hits!
"That's Hyuuga's...! Gah!" Sasuke stumbles back on the water, and I'm still in control. Next move...I surge forward and kick him into the air, then follow at his back like a shadow.
"When you give chase, you have to do it with energy! That's what it means to be youthful!" Lee!
"There's no way...the Lotus?"
"Sorry...but it's still all original from here. I'll move...!"
"No!" He turns in the air and swings at me, only to miss. I flip in the air above his head and then come down with an axe kick to his back, sending him flying downwards.
"It doesn't matter how we feel...it never did. When he asked me to bring you home, when he made that wish...I've devoted myself to making it come true! Because I don't go back on my word!" Naruto! "Move and stretch! Chaotic Movement!"
"Flow!"
Crim appears around my arm, stretching forward and pulling me towards Sasuke before disappearing. I pull chakra into my right hand, clenching it into a tight fist.
"This is a determination like no other! Sasuke! Grit those fucking teeth!"
"...!"
"Hidden Leaf Secret Taijutsu...!"
And like a wave...I crash down on him. His eyes widen, and he has nowhere to go.
"Final...Justice!"
I wind up and slam my fist into his face, blowing the water around us away with the impact. A fierce wave of chakra throws me backwards, and I recover fast enough to slide across the water, just barely on my feet.
"Dammit...you..."
He rises from the water, coughing up blood and staring ruefully into me.
"Almost...it's almost..."
I don't know what he's talking about, but I'm almost there. I'll end it, right here. That jutsu charges in my right hand, and I quickly raise it to fire.
"Mobius."
He scrambles and barely dodges the attack; it shoots forward and blasts away the stone behind the waterfall ahead of me. I weave more seals.
"Water Shark Bullet." I fire two sharks at his position and he body flickers before jumping over them, making seals as he comes down. My body tenses.
"Fire Ball Jutsu!" He changes the shape and forms it into a stream of flame this time, but I quickly dodge underneath it and make the snake seal once more as I line him up. This time...I have him. I can see it in his eyes.
"False Darkness."
"Damn...!" The lightning bursts from my mouth in a straight line. The attack explodes against him in a flash of light.
But...his chakra is shifting.
"..."
"I wanted to wait just a bit longer...but you've forced my hand. I'll end this before you become too much of a bother."
He...really did do it, then. This is just like the others I fought...the second stage of the cursed seal. A monstrous transformation, done solely to gain power.
Sasuke floats in the air a moment before coming back down to the water's surface. His skin has darkened, turning grey. He has wings on his back that look far more like grotesque webbed hands. His hair is much longer than before, and has taken on a grey-blue colour. On the bridge of his nose is something like a black pointed star, and his eyes are pools of darkness with Sharingan floating in them.
"Now...this is where our real battle begins, Kobayashi."
"You...you look absolutely disgusting. Like a fucking corpse," I say, feeling sick to my stomach. "You're...okay with this? Becoming a monster for the sake of power?"
"..."
"You would cast off your humanity so easily?" I ask. "Just like that trash Kimimaro..."
"I must admit, I'm impressed that you managed to kill him..."
"Yes. It wasn't much fun at all. Destroying garbage like that...waste of my time. If I had been here sooner, without him in my way, my teammates wouldn't be hurt right now."
"Hahaha...depressed, are you? Or are you angry with me for causing them pain?"
"I'm not sad. They followed my orders to the letter. They trusted me as their leader, and came through when I needed them."
"Leader? You?"
"Yes, that's right. I led them all the way here to chase you, Sasuke."
"Hmph. And what? Do you expect me to shed tears for you? Feel some sort of sympathy?"
"No. We didn't expect anything of the sort. We still don't. We're not looking to be hailed as heroes. Do you understand by now, Sasuke? My will is not just my own today. All of us here...we do this for a friend. Our friend."
"..."
"His name is Naruto Uzumaki...someone who calls you a brother."
"I will sever that bond and all others. It's the only way that my power will grow. It's the only way that I'll get strong enough to do what I have to do."
"That's nonsense. That's not how you grow stronger, and you know it..."
"Bonds only cause suffering...they only cause pain in the end."
"That's a lie."
"Again...again and again and again! Over and over! You arrogant bitch!" he roars. "What do you know? What do you know about anything, with your fancy life, with your mansion and being waited on hand and foot every day of your life? What do you know about pain, about losing people? What do you know outside of this world?!"
"..."
"What would you know...about suffering? You who lived with a barrier between the darkness of the world and comforts that many of us will never know...you could never-"
"You think you know everything about me," I reply. "But you're the one who knows nothing."
Lili...I'm...
"I understand what bonds are. To have them severed violently. To feel so weak that you can't do anything but watch everything fall apart around you..."
I'm sorry...I was too weak, as your mother...sorry...
I remember when she could no longer speak. I remember her tears as she took her last breaths. I remember clinging to her. Feeling her life bleed away.
I hated myself...for so long.
"I'm going to sever that bond with Naruto...and every bond that I have with the Hidden Leaf," Sasuke says.
"Then I'll destroy the blade you intend to use, Sasuke."
"You're looking at it!" he says as he pounds his chest. "Go ahead! Kill me, then!"
"Don't say things you don't mean." I keep my chakra mode at Stage 2 and watch his movement as he charges me. He's faster than before. I block the first set of blows he throws at me, and they're heavy, sending me flying backwards briefly. Close range is a bad idea, then. His speed...in a straight line, he might be able to catch me off guard. He glides above the water quickly and swipes across my cheek, cutting into it lightly with a near miss. The skin that's been burned away by my chakra mode regenerates quickly on his hand.
Faster...but I still have the advantage when it comes to overall movement. He charges again, and I use a lateral step to dodge, then get behind him to kick him in the back before he can react. He slides across the water before recovering and turning, jumping into the air and going into a low glide with his wings to rush me. The water parts beneath him and his Sharingan are glowing. I watch him carefully, dodging another high strike and hitting him in the face with a fast punch. His head snaps back; I jump and throw a drop kick into his chest, twirling in the air and landing on my feet. He tumbles along the water, recovering and flapping his wings once to settle down.
"Heh...I wasn't expecting a tickle fight," he taunts. "You're as weak and useless as ever, you pathetic bitch."
I take a moment to figure out where I stand. Taijutsu and strength were his advantages in our normal forms, and that has only carried over here. With the major boosts of the curse mark, I understand that my physical attacks aren't going to do much as they are. I'll lose almost every trade. Water will be decent if it lands, but it's blunt force, something his body is better against in that form. I can use it to stop his Fire Release, and I'm standing on a river right now...it would be too easy to snuff out all of his attacks. Lightning Release is what he should be wary of, but he can negate it with Chidori. And it's probably a lot stronger in this new form of his.
Physically, he's significantly stronger than me...but I was already dealing with that much when fighting Kimimaro. His speed has increased in Level 2, unlike that zealot...and because of that, along with everything else, he has no reason to change back and forth. In fact, he's conserving his movements, trying to get comfortable with his new transformation. I can feel his chakra pulsing...it's a drain on him.
He will want to end this fight soon.
"..."
He's staring at my hands. Waiting for...Mobius. Has to be. He knows it's a long range, high speed attack. I've used Type 1 on him already, and the Sharingan hasn't given openings for Type 3. Type 2 is powerful, but I can't waste chakra so freely, especially if I want to keep this chakra mode on for the rest of the fight. Stage 2 can be held for longer because of my training, but I can't push it too far.
Sasuke's chakra is moving.
"I guess I have no choice. I said that I would sever my bonds with the Leaf..."
"..." What is he up to...?
He bursts forward before flickering from my sight. But I can feel his movement...I can see where he's going.
It's really come to this.
Sasuke hovers high in the sky above my comrades, just up the river from us and at the base of Hashirama's statue. Chakra bursts forth from his left hand, as a mass of black lightning. The sound is like that of birds flapping their wings, taking flight.
And the woman I call my sister stands defiantly in front of her teammates, right arm hanging limply at her side. She stares up at Sasuke, eyes bright with the strength of her inheritance.
"I can start with you lot..."
"Go ahead...fucking try it!" Hina screams back at him.
"I'll oblige you. Time to disappear," Sasuke says with a cruel smile. He flaps his wings and starts to dive, the technique blaring in his hand.
I only have...three seconds. That's all I have to save the people I love.
All the time I have to change the future in front of me.
And I know that I will do it. My hand goes to my heart, in that same position as before. I silently pray. I flow the chakra in...I twist it...and it bursts out.
The world freezes.
Everything at this moment started from a strange idea. How to take the chakra mode further? Stimulating my body the normal way wasn't enough. I read the material at the hospital, asked questions of myself and others. Trained to the point of exhaustion.
Something further. Not just more power, but precise power. The simple solution...push the chakra through my heart's meridians, amplify the power, and have it rush through my body again. The creation of a shell around the heart, made of lightning chakra to regulate output properly and protect it from harm. This is the level beyond Stage 2...it colours my chakra red. Stage 3, code-named "Full Boost".
Beyond that...something else. The hypothetical power created by two strong, opposing forces. Alternating currents, perhaps? Two types of chakra flowing through your body in different directions and clashing violently, throwing power up and outwards. That resulting energy would push Stage 3 to a new and fleeting level, something that would have potential as a desperation burst for the briefest of moments. But pushing myself towards that wall bore no fruit.
Today is different.
That power called Full Boost, the third stage...it too was incomplete, and it took this moment for me to realize it.
I flow and twist again. I create a second shell of chakra, making two of them rotating at different, mutually beneficial speeds, chaining energy efficiently and moving my chakra at unthinkable velocities, bringing me to an impossible height of power. Bringing me to something that went beyond what I knew, and beyond what humans were meant to know. The chakra flowing through my body in its finite, mortal flow has been pushed to an unspeakable level.
And so...the flow of time is nothing to me right now.
I can read everything around me. The flow of my comrades. Of Sasuke and Sakura. Of the trees, the falling leaves. The water cascading downwards in the distance. The traces of chakra in the rocks, the fish, the birds flying in the sky. I can see and feel the flow of the present, and the future yet to come. My mind is flying free. My eyes are marvellously clear.
This sight...this is what she sees when she eclipses the limits of mortals. This is her domain.
"Ane-ue..."
I whisper her name with supreme reverence.
"I see it now. I can see why your eyes are so distant when you look at humans. I can understand why you will become a great empress, the greatest ruler this and any world has ever known. Your place...I've reached your place at last, Midori-onee-sama. Yes...Empress. My Empress. My one and only."
I know what this is. This is the truth of the world. The field of heaven, filtering through my unworthy eyes.
A gift for my courage and recklessness.
My soul has truly changed.
In this moment...I have been given the sight of God.
"Lightning Release Chakra Mode, Stage Four. 'Twin Drive System'...activate."
The field of heaven.
I am running through the sky as Sasuke fails to move, suspended in space with his arm driving downward. I pull back my right arm, clenching my fist, and hit him in the side. I drive forward, but hold back at the same time...and I feel my arm shatter into pieces as I finally follow through.
It doesn't hurt as much as I thought it would.
Time resumes its flow as Sasuke slowly leaves my shattered fist. He shoots forward like a rocket and disappears, the air splitting apart and bursting in a series of sonic booms as he slams into the middle of the waterfall. The rock is hollowed out and blown away as he tunnels through it, shooting diagonally upwards and causing an explosion a long distance away, water sent up in a shower.
I land softly on the water. I can't feel my right arm at all.
I tilt my head downwards, and a slow stream of blood pours from my mouth, staining the water red. My chest hurts. My mind is fuzzy, like static rumbling through it. And then noise stops existing.
But...there's one thing in my head.
I can't get rid of it, that thought, even as I feel my body collapsing, even as I feel myself hitting the water face first and sinking beneath the surface. The darkness...no longer bothers me. I can't bring myself to care.
All I can think of...
...
More than anything, I want to see that place again.
God's well kept field.


Chapter 58
Scarlet Justice - ep. 58"Gravitas et Virtus"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Epilogue]
"There is something that should be understood...when it comes to the divide between heaven and earth. Do you see the birds in the sky?"
I hurriedly push the straw hat towards the back of my head, looking towards the sky. Small birds, and a larger one. The hawk, majestic in flight.
"Everyone wants to fly. To reach the sky, to reach towards heaven...that is what is exalted above all else in this world. To reach the heavens above, in a single flowing motion."
I look up at my mother from the grass, hearing her words in this memory, but not understanding them until this moment. She walks forward before kneeling, dirt staining her white dress as she picks up a wriggling thing in her hands.
"But the connections to the heavenly plain are not that simple."
"..."
"Do you remember? The same serpent that was cursed to crawl on its belly was lifted up in the desert by the prophet, and made into an instrument of power that parted the seas themselves. All things under heaven and earth are created with the strength of the cosmos. Let us be humble in all things...and bring that strength out from within us, to make the world right again."
She lets the snake leave her hands, settling back onto the grass before slithering through it again. Her hands rise to the sky, and she smiles.
"I pray that with the rain, there will also be showers of wisdom and blessings. I want my heavenly blossom to grow in spirit and truth."
I feel myself lifted into the air, looking down at my mother's smiling face.
"Lili. Your eyes are bright, you know. One day, you'll see much further than I could hope to."
"Mommy? Will that...make you happy?" I ask in a tiny voice.
"Happier than anything in this world, my love."
Caroline brings me close, and our noses press together with pure affection. I close my eyes and let her warmth and wisdom flow through me.
A simple memory. And one with a value that cannot be matched by any earthly item.
"..."
My eyes open.
The weather is different. Those same skies from my distant, precious memory are here as well. The clouds roam in that vivid sea of blue, fluffy, thin, and light. I feel the cold against my bare skin; my sweater is gone from my body, and there's an immense pain running through my right arm that is steadily dying down. As I glance at it, I see that it is wrapped in bandage with a splint to keep it from moving. My chest is sore, and there's a strange tingle running through my body.
It's early evening.
I realize that I'm back to normal. I'm mortal again.
"..."
It's...a disappointing feeling, I think. A bit deflating? But I can get over it and go back to living my life again. I don't feel that desire to cross over just yet.
"You're awake." Hina helps me to a sitting position slowly, leaning me against a tree. She puts a small pill into my mouth and gently makes me drink water from her palms. I feel my body relax, and she places a hand on my stomach. "Your body is doing well. I had a look and your heart was a bit excited after you sank underwater, but you were still breathing properly and able to move your legs once you reached dry land. Do you remember anything?"
"Nothing much...the last I remember was watching the blood go into the water."
"I see. So your will was guiding you the rest of the way..." She lifts her hand from my stomach and brushes back some of my hair. "You have a lovely and strong soul, Lili. I love you so much."
"I love you too, Hina. You were wonderful. Magnificent."
"I did all that I could for you."
"You've also picked up my sharp tongue, I see."
She blushes. "It's...a bit embarrassing, recalling all of that. I've never said such things, even in anger...not until today, anyways. I suppose you really are rubbing off on me, but that's not a bad thing, is it?"
"I wouldn't say so, but I'm a bit biased," I say with my own smile.
"Can you feel your arm?" she asks me.
"Yes. It hurts, a whole lot."
"It's the sign of life. Pain is essential to our living as shinobi," she says as she checks over the bandages again. My eyes finally adjust to the light, and I realize where we are.
"Ah...these are the bones." We're currently in a clearing, some distance away from my fight with Kimimaro. The bone spires that I dodged from his final attack are still here.
"We carried you here to check on Lee. He was doing well enough, and worried for us. It took some convincing from Shikamaru to keep him still, since he wanted to do everything he could to help. I can't believe these sorts of constructs...you faced this type of attack and won, Lili?"
"Yes. It looked quite scary at first, but with that sort of speed...it was good enough to save Lee and make it out alive. That's what mattered most, anyways."
"Mm."
"What is everyone's current status?"
"Sasuke has significant injuries. Fractured ribs, damaged lung, fractures and breaks in his right arm and leg, symptoms of a concussion and possible damage to the skull...there's more to be sure, but I can't recall all of it right now from what I've taken down. The main point is that we can't carry him back like this. Shino has left for the nearest town so that we can send a message to the village, and request medical shinobi."
"They're usually out some distance behind us for operations like this, but the Leaf Medic Corps is definitely stretched thin because of these invasions...us being on the end of one, and then putting someone else on the end of another. It's fair that we have to wait a bit in that case," I say.
"Yes. I think from the time of the message being sent...it might take about two days or something close to that for a proper medical team to arrive. Shikamaru also needs to remain still, so that he doesn't aggravate his leg any further. It seems to be an ankle sprain, which isn't too terrible, but will still need time to heal. Shino will still be recovering from the depletion of his insect colonies, as they ran dangerously low while he was helping to defend us. Lee is being kept still as I mentioned earlier. As a result of all this, Shikamaru has placed me as second in command for the time being due to my mobility."
"Yes, that sounds like him. Fucking slacker." I sigh. "Sakura?"
"Minor cuts and bruises, broken nose. She'll live." There's an unsaid 'unfortunately' at the end of it. I can't blame Hina for being furious. I look to my right and see the mentioned girl sitting against a tree some distance away. Sasuke is lying on a blanket, his body covered and his face wrapped up in bandage.
Less damage than I was expecting, to be honest. It was quite a blow when I think back on it.
"You did well not to kill him with that technique."
"Hm. Did I...I wonder," I say to Hina.
"You would have taken his head off cleanly if you aimed higher. Was Naruto on your shoulder reminding you of what was at stake?"
"No...it was me alone that time. He helped before, when the fight was starting, but after that...it was different. It's hard to describe...the place that I travelled through earlier." I turn my head back towards her. "Did you see what happened? Did you see anything strange?"
"Yes."
"Tell me."
"You transformed again. I saw it clearly, even without my doujutsu. Your hair and your eyes were a beautiful red. Your body was shining brightly, glowing like a star in the night sky. And there were four white wings on your back, big and pure and white. I saw thousands of feathers everywhere, floating around you. That was the single frame etched into my mind, as I saw you dance through the air. I didn't catch your movement or the form of your attack at all. All I could see in the moment afterwards was...the feathers floating away from your back as you landed on the water, and then disappearing into dots of light."
"Mm." Was that...something beyond what I envisioned? It certainly sounds beautiful and majestic. Transcending my own limits, and gaining a heavenly new form. Gaining the power to soar through the sky, like the sacred hawk...grabbing hold of heaven's tethers through this blessed wisdom, as a serpent who has ascended in strength from her place among the earth's roots.
It was as my mother said so long ago. Those words, spoken into the universe, now made manifest by my strength. With her beautiful spirit pushing me forward, constantly. I really did see beyond what she could...
"Lili. Let me imagine it, even if I don't completely understand," Hina says as she kneels in front of me.
"It was the field of God, Hina. I transcended my humanity for just a moment...I went beyond mortal sight and feeling, beyond mortal understanding."
"Ah."
"All because of the forbidden formula...this was the result. Lightning Release Chakra Mode, Stage Four. 'Twin Drive System'," I say proudly.
"So you finally completed it...the dream technique, then," she says with a sigh.
"Yes. A magnificent breakthrough."
"You really are a fool. Sometimes you're too chunni for your own good. Stuck inside of your own head, making up nonsense so that you can terrorize the Leaf and the world at large," she scolds evenly. "Idiot. Idiot, idiot, idiot. Reckless. Stupid. Chunni. Meathead. Mad woman. The worst."
I let my eyes drift upwards as she continues. We both know that I'm not listening, and that she just wants to vent after a stressful time. Hina eventually finishes and calms down.
"Your arm. How is it?" I ask in the silence.
"It's moving properly now. But very painful near the shoulder. It seems that Sasuke's attack didn't do enough damage to take me out completely," she says. "I've dried your socks. Do you want them?"
"I should be fine for now." I look out to the evening sky again, over the top of the bone spires as the colours begin to change ever so slightly. "That jacket is really good. My chest didn't even get wet. By the way-"
"I didn't look. I knew you would ask something like that."
"Shame. It was a good chance, you know. I've grown a fair bit since the Academy."
"You're really the worst."
"Probably. You have to rest too, Hina. It's been a long day for everyone."
"I have to wait for Shino to come back before I can properly sleep. But I can rest a while here with you. I have a request."
"What is it?"
"I want to use your lap today. It should be warm and soothing."
"Teasing me again."
"You deserve that much. So...can I?" she asks.
I really can't resist her if she's asking so earnestly. I nod and she puts her head in my lap gently, looking up at me. My good hand reflexively goes to stroke her head.
"I can't save anyone properly," I say into the air.
"Do you really think that?"
"I do. It's...hard. I wonder what kind of leader I'll really become in the future. This was an urgent mission with high stakes, so the options were limited. I just don't know if things could have gone differently."
"Aren't those things to think on later? What matters right now is that you won. You stopped Sasuke and Sakura from leaving, and saved all of us from further harm. You did amazingly well, Lili."
"I suppose."
"You should let your thoughts settle more...it seems to be difficult to reconcile everything after all of the earlier excitement. Please don't be so hard on yourself. You did well. You're a wonderful leader."
"Thank you, Hina. I needed that. I'll need more of it soon, for sure."
"I'll always be here for you."
"I know."
"This is a nice feeling...I understand why boys talk about it all the time," Hina says with a smile. "What was it they called it?"
"Lap pillow," I say.
"Yes. Warm and soft. Pleasant. But I don't know if it's the aesthetic or it's just you."
"Mm. Further research seems to be necessary, then."
"I don't know about that happening any time soon."
I laugh softly. "It's said that a woman's thighs are soothing to the soul in any era. Times may change, but the blessings of a warm and cozy lap are eternal, unsullied by the passage of time."
"You never change, do you."
"Hmhm. We'll grow together in womanhood and sex appeal, Hina. It's time to focus our bodies and spirits to become the most complete women we can be."
She sighs. "Right. Then I'm in your care, senpai."
"Yes, always."
I let myself get lost in Hina's warmth, mixing with the breeze that flows past us. My eyes close, and my hand comes to rest on my sister's head gently as I relax. And despite myself, I drift off to sleep once more. This is what my body wants for the evening...and so, I don't try to fight it any longer.
I wake up, feeling refreshed. Hina removes the strips of bandage from my face, with the cuts and scratches having healed up for the most part. Since she hasn't gotten the hang of healing chakra just yet, she's settled for regular first aid. It's been more than good enough, as Shikamaru and Lee have proper splints along with me, and have been made comfortable enough to rest and recover properly.
It's still early, and most everyone else is asleep still. I get my writing instruments and a scroll, then start to document what happened during the chase. Observations, thoughts, and discussions...all of the relevant things I can think of that will need to go into a report. I lie on my belly on top of a blanket and write at a leisurely pace with my left hand.
"At work already? You really are trouble."
"Ruki gave me the same amount of lip at the hospital," I say to Hina as she returns. "You can guess how far she got with that."
"Yes, clearly."
"I'll have to interview all of you soon. There's nothing better to do while we wait for the medics to get here, so we might as well get it out of the way. I should be done with the mission reports soon, too."
"Please don't work too hard," Hina says.
"I won't. As I keep saying to you and Shino, paperwork is a trivial thing for me. I couldn't tell you why that is...maybe a buried memory from long ago. My father certainly didn't teach me about his business, and my stepmother...she's my stepmother, let's leave it at that for now." I notice a basket in her hands. "What's that you have there?"
"Produce and other fresh food. Shino brought it in yesterday. I also did some hunting with Shikamaru's guidance."
"He finally got off his ass to do something. Good boy," I say as I continue writing.
"Lili, be nice."
"No. That damn slacker knows where he stands with me."
She sighs and waves me off. "Let us know when you need our battle reports. I'll start on breakfast in the meantime."
"Aye." I watch as Hina re-starts the fire from yesterday easily. There are already a few cooking instruments fashioned from a combination of forest material and our remaining shinobi tools. Hmm. "Hina, did you want something stronger as a utensil?"
"It would be nice. Did you have something?"
"Up ahead." I stand up and focus chakra into my left hand, then point it forward at one of the closer bone spires.
"You really shouldn't be doing that."
"Hush a moment. I'm making your life easier." I fire Mobius and shatter the bone before yawning. "There. Have at it."
"I really wonder about you, Lili."
I shrug and go back to my earlier position, lying down and continuing with my mission report.
"It turns out we can make use of these. Some rather large pieces we can eat from, too. Thank you, Lili."
"Mm-hm. Always here to lend a helping hand, you know."
Hina starts to cook meat over the fire, and it smells delicious already. I want to finish off these parts of the report so that I can dig in without shame and then sleep it off for a while.
"Breakfast already? Man, you guys get busy early..."
By the time I hear Shikamaru's voice, another hour has passed. The bulk of the reports are done with, so it's just the individual interviews that have to be done now. Those can wait a bit.
"It's mid-morning, fucking slacker."
"Oi, mid-morning is still too early for your tongue to be so sharp. Lee's coming, Shino was just taking him on a tour around the perimeter. Hell of a guy, still as energetic as ever even with half his body out of commission."
"That's Rock Lee, alright." I set down my pen and let out a breath. "I'm more than happy that he's his obnoxious self at this stage, honestly. Helps me keep some perspective."
"Good morning, fellow Leaf comrades! Today is the start of a most youthful day!"
"Indeed," I call back. As I get to my feet, I see that Lee has his right arm draped over Shino's right shoulder. His right arm and leg are in their own splints, as set up by Hina the day before. "Good of you to make it back for breakfast. Hina is almost done."
"Ah, excellent. Captain, I can vigorously deliver my report from yesterday's intense battle!"
"After eating, my boy. Put something in that belly of yours, or else you won't be feeling too youthful in the middle of my note taking."
"Understood!"
"I also have additional writings for you to look at. Some focus will be necessary."
"Additional writings? Hm! Okay, I understand. I will enjoy Lady Hinata's youthful breakfast, and then return to duty as quickly as possible!" His head swivels towards where Sasuke lies. "Oh! Sakura, you have awakened as well!"
"..." The very last thing I want to do is talk to her, but there are things that she needs to hear. Important things.
"I...if there's...something you..."
"Just be quiet, Sakura. You don't need to do anything," I say tersely.
"I...I just..."
"I said to shut the fuck up. Enough of us can still move, so we don't need your help. You've done enough for us, as you must know by now."
"Maybe it would be better if we put her to work," Shikamaru suggests. "She's not gonna run off, not with Sasuke in that state."
"I absolutely do not agree with that course of action," Hina says firmly. "I may be injured, but I will take care of our food needs efficiently."
"Sheesh. This is why I hate dealing with women. You're all so vicious, even someone like Hinata..."
"If you're worried about needing to earn your next meal, put those stupid thoughts out of your head," I say to Sakura. She rubs her arm nervously. "Believe me, if I wanted you dead, I would have a million more pleasurable ways to off you instead of just letting you possibly starve in the middle of a forest. You'll eat when the food's ready along with the rest of us. Until then, you can go sit in your corner with your precious fucking Sasuke. Shove your hand down your pants and have some fun. I don't care what it is you do."
She sniffles and says nothing else.
"I know that we are all upset," Lee says as he lowers himself to the ground, "but such cruelty is unnecessary, I believe. I beg everyone to be a little kinder, and more reasonable at this time. Anger will not fix anything that has happened here today."
"We have been reasonable enough, Lee." Hina takes her cooking off the fire and turns towards us. She wipes her hands with a cloth and sets it down before walking up to Sakura, who is trembling by now. One hand clutches her wrist, with her arms in front of her chest in a sort of defensive posture. Hina does nothing but stare, looking as if she's shoving invisible swords into Sakura with each passing moment.
"I have been reasonable enough, especially. Allowing her into our camp like this, unrestrained...basically uninjured. That is a kindness that would be afforded to no other person who has committed the crimes that she has. I have every right to strike her until I am satisfied that she has spilled enough blood. Hurting my comrades, my beloved sister...and more than that, the love of my life. I am providing food, and I have provided medical aid to this person. But you say that I am being unreasonable for expressing even a hint of dislike, of anger towards someone like this? Someone who helped do all of this to us, who is being shown mercy and a way home instead of being thrown into oblivion where she belongs?"
"Please...I-I'm..."
"You can spare me your apologies. And your tears. They're worthless to me now," she says as her head snaps back to Sakura. "I...will never...ever...forgive you, Sakura Haruno. You have hurt too many of my precious people, let alone my friends, for me to let this go. Consider my tolerance of your pitiful, worthless existence the greatest kindness you have ever received in your life. I am done speaking."
Those embers burn hot.
Sakura...crossed a bold line the other day. She did something that hurt many people and almost killed a few more. I don't feel the same anger as Hina does right now. More of a disappointment and a pity too deep for words. I watch as Hina calms down before turning away, going back to preparing breakfast for the group. Sakura seems on the verge of falling apart.
I might as well get it over with, and have things start anew.
"Lee, I'm sorry for being so cross with you...I'm just having a hard time right now," I hear Hina say.
"I understand, Lady Hinata. This is a difficult time for everyone, and...many things did happen as a result of Sakura's actions. I wish it were not so."
"Come with me," I say as I spin Sakura around by the shoulder. She stumbles a bit before regaining her balance as we walk deeper into the trees.
"W-what is it...? Is it more? Something you d-don't want the others t-to..."
"Hina has said enough for both of us. My sentiments aren't the exact same as hers, but the anger is shared. You did a despicable thing along with Sasuke, and you should be ashamed of yourself. That is not why I brought you out here."
"T-then...why."
"You didn't hear the start of the conversation between myself and Sasuke. Too busy getting into position for your little ambush."
"..."
"You remember what happened the night you left with Sasuke."
"I...w-with the four...from Sound. And then Kimimaro j-joined...on the way."
"That's what happened once you left, yes. Before that, something else happened."
"I f-f-fought with Ino...and then she left to get...help," Sakura says.
"She never got to put that call out, Sakura."
"H-huh?" Her eyes widen slowly.
"We found out you left because your travel companions wanted to make sure nobody present would tell on them. They saw Ino running, and confronted her. They beat her without mercy, and left her near a stream to bleed out and die."
"Ino...?"
"She's alive. She woke up the morning that we left. We spoke for a while."
"I...I caused...? No...please..." Tears run down her face as she shakes her head.
"Do you know what she said to me? What she asked?"
"N-no...no, I don't want to know-"
I reach out and grab her by the chin, forcing her to look at me.
"She said that she still loved you. She asked us to forgive you. And she begged me through her tears to bring you back home."
"Ahh...no...no...Ino!"
I let go and she falls to the ground, like a doll with cut strings.
"Why me?! I did that, and she...she still...! I c-can't...!"
She clutches at the sides of her head and screams. It's followed by ugly crying and the most pitiful wails. I stand over her and watch as she's shredded apart by her own emotion, by the guilt and pain that she feels at this very moment. I do nothing but watch as she finally shatters into pieces, crushed under the weight of her sins.
And this is just the beginning.
She has sinned against me. She has sinned against many others, and I cannot control their decisions, nor do I have any plans to do so. Death seems to be something she would want, something that she would crave to escape this pain. That is part of the reason I stand here. I won't let her get away so easily.
Sakura will pay for her sins. She will pay penance to everyone she has harmed. She will pay penance to the village that she betrayed. Sasuke will too, in his own way.
They will pay for every wound and scar that we have suffered in this strife.
I will make sure of it.


Chapter 59
Scarlet Justice - ep. 59"In The Books"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Epilogue 2]
Breakfast is a quiet affair as I get back. We all sit and eat in a circle together. I give Sakura her food and she sits off to the side, in my peripheral vision just in case anything happens. Nothing does, aside from her lethargic eating.
"I'm sorry for earlier," Hina says quietly.
"It's alright. You were upset, and you had every right to be. This isn't a normal situation," I reply to her.
"I know, I just...feel bad about it, even if I was justified. I wish I was like you, Lili. It's...hard expressing these kinds of emotions."
"Don't worry about that. Please remember that I love you as you are. You are strong, and will grow stronger in time, Hina."
"Yes. Thank you..."
I nod and we all go back to eating. Once we're done, I start organizing my documents again and give the team a short while to rest. Shino moves out to gather water and returns a short while later with the small bucket he procured from town yesterday. Everyone gathers a cool drink before the rest is used for Sasuke's first aid. Hina checks over him while Sakura quietly watches.
"We can start from the bottom," I say to myself. "The last set of conflicts, which is conveniently...these. Shino, bring Lee over to me. I want to start with his interview."
"Understood, Boss."
"Thank you." I help him set Lee in a sitting position with his back against a tree. I sit cross-legged in front of him, with a notepad in my lap opened and ready to go. "Good afternoon, Lee. How are you feeling?"
"I feel quite well, Captain. Thank you for asking."
"Good. I'm going to be taking care of the reports from here. This mission has had a lot of twists and turns, and unique data points that need to be recorded for future events. Perhaps not similar to this, but it will be useful all the same. Give me your best recollection of the battle you had with Kimimaro Kaguya yesterday. Any details you feel are important, speak them out loud. Don't worry about making me do work, this is what I'm here for as your leader. Understood?"
"Understood, ma'am," he says as he salutes with his free hand.
"Good. The engagement time...after final orders were given...alright. The encounter itself," I say as I take notes.
Lee started off by catching up to Kimimaro and Sakura. He tried to convince Sakura to come back, but Kimimaro was giving out orders and had a hold over the girl that made her unwilling to take any bold or derivative actions, lest she be injured or maybe even killed. The fight was entirely one on one, Kimimaro's sense of honour kicking in. Lee removed his weights, which were stuffed under those hideous leg warmers - an interesting tip that I'll look into later - and then was forced to open the Inner Gates as Kimimaro escalated. The initial curse state first, then the second stage which eventually forced Lee into using the second and third gates, to no avail.
"It was then, at my lowest point, that the villain tempted me," he says. "Captain, I am ashamed to admit that I did give thought to his proposal. I was already severely weakened by the Gates, and he offered to send Sakura back with me if I would only let him escape across the border with Sasuke."
"You feared death."
"Yes."
"Do you remember the fight I had with Sakura?"
"I do. Kakashi-sensei intervened at the last moment...there was something between yourself and Sasuke, wasn't there?"
"Yes, there was. There is, even now. Lee, I understand what you were going through. The fear of death...that loathing, that cold feeling inside of your heart. It makes you think, and say, and do things that you normally wouldn't consider. You're not some invincible warrior," I tell him. "There is nothing wrong or shameful about being scared. What's important is what you chose to do next. Tell me, in your own words."
Lee's answer was to fight, and to overcome the fear that was growing inside of him. For Sakura, and for the sake of his nindo. It was the surge that I felt just before reaching him, the Fifth Gate opening and giving him incredible strength at great cost. Opening five out of the eight Inner Gates before being old enough to drink, or even grow chest hair...he's definitely some kind of genius, this one. And a very strong shinobi, even if I find him a ridiculous sight at times. He fought and went past his limits for all of us.
"Reverse Lotus," I repeat.
"Yes! The ultimate high speed taijutsu meant to crush any opponent in a single sequence! It has to be so, because of the extreme stress it puts on the body."
"I see. Very interesting," I say as I take more notes. Ideas are already pouring in for my own techniques, but I keep my focus to the reports for now. Experimentation can be done in a while, once my arm properly heals. I also have to investigate the heavenly power I used in the valley.
"Unfortunately, it was not enough against the villain called Kimimaro."
"He was an annoying bastard to the end. Yammering on about his pedophile master and just refusing to die after getting torn apart over and over. It's not your fault," I say with a wave of my hand. "You did very well considering you only had your taijutsu to rely on. So...I did witness the end parts of the Reverse Lotus, and then personally stepped in...which is the end of your involvement. No observations afterwards?"
"Nothing, ma'am."
"Good. That should be it, then. Thank you, Lee. You did very well, I have to remind you of that again. Your effort helped this mission go from a bother to a resounding success. Don't forget that."
"Yes! Thank you, Captain."
"Also..." I reach to one side and hand him a small scroll. "This should be convenient to read in this form. I thought about using a notebook, but it's difficult to read with only one arm in play at all times. The scroll contains observations and breakdowns of the fight that I had with Kimimaro while you were asleep. The diagrams were done quickly and aren't extensively detailed, I do more of my talking in the text itself. It was just a matter of adding more visuals as I thought they would be appreciated. The back half has a section on my fight with Kidomaru, a long range ninjutsu user. And then there are the smaller details like distances and measurements, theories on tool use, and other such things."
"Mm...hm!" Lee unfolds the scroll a bit and glances at it, looking impressed as his head moves up and down.
"I was thinking about going over battle details with everyone and looking into the right and wrong steps they took, but...that's a little much considering there were so many unknowns, and this was a mission that normally would be well outside the scope of chuunin and genin fighters. It wouldn't be worth drilling everyone on that sort of thing, not right now. And putting all of that aside, I don't want to give anyone grief by forcing them to relive those fights any more than they have to. Times have been stressful enough."
"Hmm...I understand now what Guy-sensei was speaking of the other day."
I look up from my writing briefly. "What do you mean?"
"The qualities of leadership you possess. Guy-sensei called you a 'tiny adult', in a positive manner, of course. He was very impressed with your combat skill and knowledge, and also your ability to organize many things at once. It is a rare skill coveted by military leaders in all eras."
"Mm. Tiny adult, huh...he might not be wrong about that. I've grown up very quickly, for many reasons. Some worse than others. Don't go growing up too quickly yourself, Lee. It's not all bad being an adult, but childhood is something you should enjoy as much as you can."
"Yes, understood."
"Good. Time for you to rest properly. Come, tell me where you want to go," I say as I stand up.
"Ah, is it really okay?"
"Of course it is." I help him up and onto his good leg.
"Very well. There is a small stream nearby, with a flat rock that makes a very good seat. I wish to spend some time meditating there."
"Let's go, then." I carry him through the trees and towards the small clearing he mentioned. There is indeed a flat rock, with sunlight streaming onto it through the leaf cover above. It already has an occupant, which I should have expected considering who it is.
"Useful, I suppose. The slacker can watch over you while I'm gone," I say.
"I thought we were allowed some quiet time," Shikamaru mumbles.
"You are. I'm just bullying you because you deserve it."
He sighs.
"Lee wants to meditate. That's fine, isn't it?"
"Yeah, go nuts. There's enough room for the whole gang. You should take some time off yourself, Chief."
"Maybe later. I have work to do. As long as you stay off that leg, I'm satisfied. I'll send for you in a bit."
"Got it. See you soon."
I head back and see that Hina is done with Sasuke. She gives instructions to Sakura as I settle back into my spot and open my notebook to a new page.
"Shino, it's time. Are you ready?"
"Ready, Boss." He quickly appears in front of me and sits down.
"Feeling okay today?"
"Fine. I've managed to recover a notable amount of my insects, but not enough to stand by at full power just yet. Sorry, Boss."
"You have nothing to apologize for, Shino. Take it easy, please. The worst is over, and your job is to recover enough that we can make it safely home. If you do that, you will make me happy. Understood?"
"Understood."
"Good. Let's start with...orders given...and the event itself starts there. When you're ready, Shino."
Shino details his fight as expected, and I can imagine myself in his position. No time wasted - he immediately tested that Tayuya's taijutsu and she retreated after a single exchange as expected. There were three massive, strange sorts of summons that she controlled with her flute. As soon as she discovered that genjutsu didn't work, she shifted into an all out attack with her three summoned creatures.
"Of course, this was all within calculations," Shino says as he adjusts his glasses.
"You used the female bug as bait, planted on her during your brief exchange. Following that, you set up your next few moves while she tried to figure out some way to draw you out."
"Yes."
Tayuya had no defense against the swarms of insects that came for her, and things only got worse as her flute was jammed with bugs without her knowledge. It was her only effective weapon; whether it was carelessness or arrogance didn't matter, since she was out of options. She removed her summons from the field and shifted to her Level 2 state, intending to reset everything and overpower Shino from in close. Shino responded by piling on the pressure and making it hard for her to move.
"Stubborn girl, wasn't she."
"Indeed. Shikamaru and Hinata arrived just then, with the latter landing a surprise attack that greatly injured my opponent and disabled her. Even then, Tayuya continued to fight against the three of us. It was as if she felt she had no choice, that she couldn't simply retreat and join one of her teammates."
"You would think so..." I recall how Sakura was taking care not to get in the way of Kimimaro, and Lee's descriptions of Sakura's actions before his fight. "It's possible that she didn't have any other choice."
"What makes you think that?"
"Kimimaro declared himself the leader of the Sound Five, and clearly wasn't around before. I assume he was their leader at some point before falling ill. There might have been a genuine fear that he would kill her if she returned without having defeated at least one of you."
"Shikamaru held her in place as I drained her chakra further, and Hinata delivered the final blow with the Gentle Fist. It worked out as you thought it would, Boss."
"I did organize the fights in a certain way, but not every good plan works out, even if you wish for it to be so. Mm. At least things went well this time." I write a few more notes down. "And the fight with Sasuke, I would like details of that as well. Tell me the things you saw from your vantage point."
It ends up being as Shikamaru said yesterday. Sakura coordinated with Sasuke to create explosive attacks that were just barely rebuffed by a combination of Hinata's ranged attacks and Shino's insects. The repeated attacks took a toll on both of them, especially after Shikamaru injured his ankle and was unable to move efficiently afterwards.
"That should be enough. Thank you for your time, Shino. You did very well."
"Thanks, Boss. Are you going to be okay?"
I shrug. "There have been worse days, to be sure. Physical pain is a small price to pay. But I appreciate your concern, as always. I have one good arm and both legs are working perfectly. That's more than enough for any fool who dares to cross me."
"Heh. I suppose it was a bit silly to worry about you, then."
"Perhaps," I say with a smile. "Rest well, Shino. We should be leaving tomorrow, and it's a rare chance to relax that you've more than earned. Thank you for your faith in me."
"No problem. I'll see you later, Boss."
"Send in that slacker for me, will you?"
"On it."
I wait a few minutes and make some more notes before turning to a fresh page. Shikamaru uses a sturdy branch to get around and keep off his bad leg. He settles down and lies on his back, hands behind his head.
"It's impressive how you always manage to look fantastically lazy," I comment.
"The clouds are nice from here, too."
"I'm sure they are, yes. I hope you've recharged enough to give a proper report. It's likely that I'll hurt you otherwise. Let's see...from here...and then the event starts up. Okay, you went through the forest and encountered your target. Or targets."
"Yep."
"Time for you to use that brain and recall what happened. I need details, too. Don't skimp on anything, slacker."
"Yeah, yeah." Shikamaru started off by analyzing the attacks of his opponent, Sakon. Once options were frustrated, Sakon revealed his secret. He was actually two people at once, sharing a body with his brother called Ukon. They separated and tried to trap Shikamaru repeatedly, only to be driven back each time. Shikamaru made use of the forest cover well and consistently agitated the brothers, throwing them off their game. He wasn't strong enough on his own to fight two physically superior opponents, but stalling was easy enough.
"Hinata arrived at about eighty percent power or so. Rough guess. We estimated that Shino wouldn't be done at the time, so I worked out something with my new backup. Didn't take long to seal their opening points with coordinated attacks."
Directing Hina to move in time with his weapons and jutsu, the two enemies were overwhelmed from the direct assault. Hina took out one, only to have the other merge with his fallen brother somehow. They seemed to have that ability which allowed them to heal wounds and conserve stamina. But reducing themselves to one target didn't help them in the end. Shikamaru landed his newest technique, called Shadow Neck Binding. It hasn't been perfected yet, but with Hina's help landing it was easy enough, and the brothers met their end while sharing the same body. Once they were done, they assisted Shino. Shikamaru goes over the details from his end this time. From there, they met up with me and got their orders to chase after Sasuke.
"It was sort of a bad move. I tried to dodge one of those log traps Sakura set and a fireball from Sasuke at the same time. I think it was the Phoenix Flower in that instance." He shrugs. "But either way, the terrain up there wasn't too great. Ground came loose suddenly and I screwed up my ankle coming down hard at a terrible angle. After that, I was kind of sunk. I'm not as fast as you or Hinata, but I still need mobility to position myself for my jutsu."
"Well, you survived. And you did a good job the entire way through. That's why I left so much in your hands, you know."
"I figured as much. I hope you don't pile too much on in the future as a result of this. That would really suck, even if I'm gonna end up doing it in the end anyways because you asked."
"You don't have to worry about that. You're a slacker and a pain in the ass, but I wouldn't have you any other way, Shikamaru."
"Heh. You sure you mean that?"
"I'm sure," I say sincerely. "You're going to be a wonderful man one day."
"Oi, what's with that all of a sudden?" he says as he sits up.
"It's not a joke. I mean it this time, so take the damn compliment. Alright?"
He pauses a while before nodding. "Yeah. I really will. Thanks for that, Lili."
"You're welcome. And thank you for the detailed recollection of events. It's going to be helpful for my studies and the report that will be sent to the Hokage."
"Yeah...speaking of him, I'm not sure what's going to happen when we get back. Gonna try to talk to my old man and Asuma to glean some insight, but...it's gonna get wacky, trust me. This whole mission is outside of everyone's strike zone," Shikamaru says.
"I'll keep myself primed. Thank you for that. Now, you can go back to watching your clouds as you wanted to. Some help up?"
"I'm good." He jumps to his good leg and leans on his makeshift cane. "See you at dinner, Chief."
"Later." I finish up my notes as he leaves. Hina takes her place next to me. "I didn't even have to call for you. I'm very spoiled, it seems."
"You just might be. How are things going?" she asks.
"Very well. The interviews have been full of detail, all of you have been quite attentive when it comes to certain things. I'm going to organize these notes into a proper scroll later, and then that will be handed off once we get to the village. Might be best to put it straight into the Hokage's hands. Hm. Shikamaru was mentioning politics just now. I wonder how much of a mess this will be."
"Hopefully we all get through it."
"Yes. The mission isn't over yet, unfortunately. I'll likely have to talk to Sakura later, in order to extract certain details..."
"You might be able to leave it to Intelligence," Hina points out.
"That much is true. We'll see how I feel later. The important thing is that she's in our custody. And right now, I want to hear from you." I prepare my notebook and start on the necessary details. "From your departure to the start of your battle."
"Yes."
Hina took my words to heart and met with Jirobo, the fat sack of Sound garbage, in a clearing nearby. The terrain was slightly loose in some places, which worked to Hina's advantage with her considerably lighter footwork.
It was barely a fight.
The Byakugan combined with the Gentle Fist and Hina's formidable speed made short work of the brute. He was boastful, calling Hina weak at the start and claiming that she had been sacrificed by the rest of us because of that. She proved him wrong very quickly, sealing his pressure points with ease and forcing him to use his curse mark in desperation. It was when he activated his second level that the game came to a close. Hina saw the opportunity and struck, delivering a fatal blow to the area surrounding the heart and cutting off all supply to the area. I can only guess that his curse mark would have given him a great increase in strength, but his speed wouldn't see much of a boost. A solid, pragmatic move on Hina's part, and one of the outcomes I was looking for when I organized the match-ups. She landed a sneak attack on one of the pretty boy twins as she came in to assist Shikamaru. Then she went on to help Shino out by delivering the fatal blow to Tayuya. And after that, the tough fight with Sasuke and Sakura. It turned out to be a very intense affair.
"Sasuke was retreating and I started after him. Sakura came right for me, with what looked like an explosive tag in her hands...it was a fake, but I hesitated just a moment. Sasuke attacked from behind me with a fireball. I fended it off just barely with the Air Palm technique, but of course it put me out of position again...Sakura was about to..."
She pauses and takes a breath in. I keep my face neutral, feeling anger at these things but shoving it away for the time being.
"Sakura was following Sasuke's orders. He saw me as too dangerous to just injure. There's a technique that Brother Neji can do very well, and I used it myself in desperation...it involves expelling chakra from all of your pressure points at once to blow an enemy away. That's how I got out from underneath Sakura, and I was moving to properly disable her. Sasuke attacked twice from behind as I was doing that, and the second was..."
"Chidori," I finish. "It threw you off the cliff."
"Yes. And it was then that you arrived."
"A moment later, and..." I chew on the end of my pen to try and calm down. Hina rubs my back gently.
"It didn't happen. You saved me, Lili."
"Just thinking about it puts me in such a state..."
"I know. I was scared, too...I wasn't thinking of anything, I just felt emptiness and panic. It wasn't like the time in the desert, and I was somewhat prepared to face that level of danger this time around. Still, the feeling was uncomfortably intense. I haven't sorted out my thoughts from that time yet. I don't know if I truly will unpack everything and look at it again. I might just seal it away, for the sake of my health. It sounds a bit unhealthy, but...I don't think every moment should be lived again like that."
"I feel the same way."
"Is...that enough for your report?"
"Plenty. I think things like this will have to be factored into whatever sanctions or punishments or what have you that are to come. If anything significant, at least. There was interference with sensitive data prior to this mission according to Ino. I don't doubt there will be tampering here as well. But...that's more for me to worry about than you, for now at least."
"As long as you don't burn yourself out tussling with elites."
"I'll be guarding what's left of my sanity closely, I assure you."
Hina frowns at me. "That's not as reassuring a statement as you think it is."
"Isn't it? I doubt that a 'more sane' Lili would have reached out to you so dramatically in the midst of battle to strengthen your lioness' heart."
"You remind me entirely too much of Naruto sometimes," she says as she gets up.
"Now that was uncalled for," I reply, playfully pouting.
"Good luck with your reports, Captain Kobayashi. I'm going to pick herbs for our dinner."
"I can't wait." I hum to myself and finish the last part of my notes. All clear. Now, to organize and transfer them to a secure scroll. By the time I'm done, dinner will be ready for sure. Lovely.


Chapter 60
Scarlet Justice - ep. 60"For The Cause"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Conclusion]
Once dinner is finished, Hina checks over Sasuke again and gives him a last dose of the drug that she had prepared, using it as a sedative to keep him somewhat stable until proper help could arrive. Shino returns later in the evening and reports that the medical team is on their way - they will reach us in the morning as planned.
"How is he?" I ask as Hina finishes. She wipes at her forehead with a cloth.
"Stable and sleeping. We don't have much in the way of medication left, so that should hopefully last until morning when the experts arrive."
"You've done incredibly well."
"Thank you."
"But...it's hard doing this sort of thing, isn't it?" I ask.
"It is. Possibly the hardest thing I've done so far." She gets to her feet and looks down at Sasuke as he rests. "I have even more appreciation for you after this. It's taking a lot to keep those...thoughts away."
"Mm. You've become a lot more honest."
"You know the reason for that. It's only because I'm here with you, Lili. I can be myself in these times, and say things that would be terrifying to reveal to other people." She looks at me. "I wonder...is it wrong to think that people are beneath you?"
"You're an elite. You can think whatever you like. But your actions have to tell your story. It's self-control...that's the real difference between a noble and trash."
"That makes sense..."
"Are you worried?"
"A little. I...want to be able to express myself openly, but I wonder about how I can go about it without hurting people, or just saying the wrong things at the wrong times."
"You can talk to Hanabi. She can help you."
"Hanabi...imouto. Are you sure about that?" she asks.
"Yes. That girl is very strong. Imouto, just like elite, is a title. You can learn how to master such things."
"You're right. She's...very strong. Confident in a way that I never was, but can begin to approach now. I will ask her about these things when I get home."
"Good. For now, put those things out of your mind and get ready for bed. Shikamaru and Shino will take first watch together, and I will take the last. Understood?"
"Yes. Thank you."
I finish transferring my notes and turn in as soon as it gets too dark. The fire is warm as I curl up near it, and it's also useful for Shikamaru's purposes as he can immediately channel his shadow through the ones cast by the flames. Shino will be able to assist him even at reduced strength. I sleep with my back against a tree, two kunai in my lap and underneath my blanket just in case.
"Lili?"
"Hm." I crack open one eye and look at Hina, who is standing near the camp fire.
"It's about time to switch over. Although, if you want more time..."
"Like I would let you do something like that," I mutter. I yawn and hand my blanket to her as she comes closer. "Are those two okay?"
"Yes. Everything is all clear for now. Please wake me if anything happens, alright?"
"Yes, ma'am."
She sighs and shakes her head. "See you in a while, Lili."
"Rest well, Hina."
She moves to her designated spot near the fire and puts her head down on a thick pile of grass that she had gathered during the day, then pulls the blanket over herself and closes her eyes. I watch her drift off into sleep for a moment before looking to the night sky. Not that far to morning, then...
The quiet means that my mind can wander a bit while I keep my senses sharp. Things and thoughts filter in and out smoothly. I think about my mother, remembering how beautiful and vibrant she was. My feelings towards my stepmother Emi, a woman who went from hostile to revealing strange and often inappropriate things to someone she now trusted. I think about Luna and how wonderful she is to me. About how much I love Midori, my sister who gave me the strength to fly through the sky. Hina looks more and more like a woman each time she speaks, and it makes me extremely happy. Hanabi is really cute, and I'm glad to have her as a little sister now. Or was it...moe. Yes, very moe. I want to protect her, especially if she pouts a little and insists she doesn't need it while calling me onee-sama.
I want to go home soon so that I can bully Kurenai again. I really miss her...and I hope that she's safe while on her missions. I want her to teach me more things, even as the village calls me an elite. I also hope that she's happy with Asuma. They're a cute couple. Speaking of jounin, Sharingan Kakashi is too aloof sometimes. He should get it together, and hopefully he's being pestered by Ruki. Those two getting together would make sense, I think.
My thoughts go to Naruto, and they make me feel warm inside. I really do want to see him keep growing, and there are thoughts on how to help him along. Maybe not too soon, but...one day he'll get to where he wants to be. Erika is an interesting person...I wonder sometimes if she's really flirting with me, or simply being polite in that strange manner. Hm. And Ino...she should be healing by now, hopefully. I really want nothing but the best for her, and I think about how close we've become in what feels like a short time. Will she really be okay? Her and Sakura...those old feelings, mixing together.
...
I think I understand a little...why Shikamaru likes to watch clouds so much. It feels like my head is much clearer than before.
I can figure all of this out soon enough. We simply have to make it home first, and that time is coming soon.
"Well, here we are."
Hina and I set Sasuke down, in the small opening that we've chosen within the forest. The old camp has been dismantled and our tracks erased to the greatest possible extent. This morning was spent retracing our routes back to the old battlegrounds and finding each of the enemy corpses to mark the spots where they lay. The Leaf should be interested in studying those bodies and I'm assuming they've sent a large enough force to collect them as well as assist us on the way home.
I bind Sakura's hands together. Hina suggested something that I agreed to - sealing the girl's pressure points so that she can't properly mould chakra. I watch as Hina calmly and carefully places her hands over Sakura's wrists, squeezing gently before letting go. She does the same with Sakura's ankles. We have her put her foot on the trunk of a tree to test it, and she shakes her head to confirm that she can't walk upwards.
That means we're ready.
"Okay, everyone. This is the next part of our mission...we're not done until we make it back to the Leaf, so stay alert," I say as I shrug on my jacket and zip it up. "Protective formation. Lee, stay with Sakura. Shikamaru, with Sasuke. Shino, stand facing north and do what you can with your insects if you notice anything off. I will face southwest and Hina southeast, with our detection roles overlapping as much as possible. Let's begin."
Everyone gets into their positions quietly. Then we wait.
"..."
At this stage, anything could happen. The mad scramble to get Sasuke back was meant to prevent anyone from picking up on the fact that he left the village in the first place; spies are walking through every village and therefore it's entirely reasonable to think that another village has heard rumours of defection. That was the reason why information was so limited, and will continue to be limited upon our return. Still, there are many possibilities, and with so many of us either incapacitated or below normal combat efficiency, things start to get precarious.
But as I said to Shino before, I have one working arm and two good legs. I can give anyone a fight who spoils for it.
An hour passes. I can sense people coming through the forest...two groups of five people, if my senses are correct.
"There are ten people approaching," Hina says, confirming my findings.
"As the message said," Shino adds in. "The medical team should be five people by itself..."
The first scent I properly pick up is...liquor. And a hint of perfume, with an exotic sort of smell that I don't recognize. Must be expensive.
Ten people land in front of us, and we hold our formation. I get a good look at them; three are dressed in the white medical outfits that I remember from the exams, and there's a woman with short black hair, wearing a dress with slits on the sides so that her legs can move freely. She has a white jacket with the same medical symbol as the others, and a Leaf headband around her neck. It's the last member of the medical team, wearing a long white jacket over her clothes, that grabs my interest most. I can sense her strong chakra, and from her presence can tell that she's the leader of the group. Her hair is blonde and in twin tails at the back of her head, she has a youthful face, and a very large pair of breasts. She has hazy brown eyes and there's a violet rhombus on her forehead.
"I approve," I say quietly.
"Lili...where are you looking..."
"Stop it, you," I whisper back to Hina, putting on my serious face. "They're a work of art."
She sighs and drops it.
"I suppose you're the Retrieval Team, then?" the blonde woman asks.
"Yes, ma'am."
She stares at me for a moment. "Within the Fourty-Fourth Training area there is a point where the river forks into three parts. What would the distance of that point be from the gate entrances?"
"It would be approximately 4.8 kilometres from the gates if in fact there was a third branch of the river. There are only two, and only one of those has a proper crossing."
"..."
"Also, the canteen coffee at the tower tastes like mud."
She smiles. "Yeah. Always did taste like crap. Locations?"
I take out the scroll and toss it to her. She reads it and then promptly tosses it backwards to the other group of five.
"Follow the map, collect those bodies, and then meet back here when you're done. Get to it."
"Yes, ma'am!" They disappear. She nods to her remaining members and they approach us, getting to work healing any outstanding ailments and checking on Sasuke especially.
"Where's your mission leader?"
"Right here," I say confidently. "Lilith Kobayashi, Retrieval Team Commander."
"Oh, wasn't expecting that. No offence, kiddo. But that means you're the one the old man was talking about. The 'Scarlet Viper', then. I get to meet you in person off the bat, exciting. Who's your second?"
"Shikamaru Nara."
"Shikaku's boy. Guess you've done well for yourself, then. Good! And the rest?"
"Shino Aburame, Hinata Hyuuga, and Rock Lee."
"That's quite a mix. I like to see everyone working together, but you've got two important clan kids running around with you. That's no easy feat."
"It helps that we're teammates already," I say.
"That's impressive enough by itself. They must really trust you to come out and do something crazy like this. Hey, give me that arm of yours."
"Yes." She delicately takes my right arm and inspects it. "We have both Sakura Haruno and Sasuke Uchiha with us, as you can see. Alive, as the Hokage ordered."
"Lady Tsunade, Sasuke has heavy injuries but is stable at this time," the black haired woman says. "I can heal him well enough so that we can carry him back, once everyone assembles again."
"Hm. Well, we don't want to wait around in this forest for too much longer. Go for it, Shizune."
"Ma'am." Shizune nods and makes a set of handseals. There's a blue glow coming from her hands as she presses them against Sasuke's body. Sakura looks on with interest, the same way she did while Hina was working the day before. "Who was working on him before, Captain Kobayashi?"
"My comrade nearby, Hinata."
"Yes. Please tell me if there were any problems with my treatment," Hina says as she stands near Shizune.
"Actually, I just want to praise you sincerely," Shizune says as she works. "You couldn't have had much in the way of supplies, yet you managed to hold everything together for such a long time. It's amazing work, and you should be proud of yourself."
"Ah...t-thank you, ma'am."
"Most people would be tripping over themselves, saying that it's expected for Hyuuga and all of that boring shit," Tsunade says. "But I know for a fact that they have the same low percentages of medic-capable kids as everyone else in the village. Shizune's right, you did real good, girl."
"Thank you, milady." Hina blushes brightly and bows.
"Hm. How'd you break this arm, kid?" Tsunade asks me. Tsunade...oh, it's clicking in now. This woman is one of the Three Shinobi mentioned...
"It was the final attack I used. I had to adjust the pressure at the last moment, or else I would have killed Sasuke for sure."
"So the arm shattered because you...held back power. The arresting motion...yeah, that makes sense. Consistent with the injury pattern. If you come over to the hospital, I can have it healed in about five days. Otherwise, it looks like...mm, about two weeks if you let it heal on its own."
"Really?"
"Yep. I'd suggest taking the break myself. Not often that you get time to slack off with pay."
Hmhm. So she has a great chest and loves taking it easy. Clearly my type of woman. "I'll give it some thought," I say to her.
"Do that. And your heart...you might wanna rest that properly, too. Seems like it was under a bit of stress at some point earlier."
"Ah, yes. The chakra mode most likely contributed."
She blinks and sets my arm down gently. "No kidding. You learned Lightning Release Chakra Mode? Sensei was right, you are all kinds of awesome. Oh, so...did Kakashi teach you 'that' technique to go along with it?"
"Chidori, you mean. He offered, but I decided against it. I learned something later that suits me much better."
"Interesting...very interesting."
"..." It's definitely saucy of me, but I have to ask anyways. They're...really big. "By the way..."
"Hm?"
"How did you get yours to that level?"
She looks at me a moment before chuckling. "Eh? Really now. You're jealous?"
"Very," I say seriously. She nods and reaches into one of her pockets, pulling out a glass bottle.
"This stuff is good for it."
"Oh. That's what Hina and I drink," I say. It's the fortified milk.
"I see. Then you're on your way. Don't worry about your progress right now. Keep fighting," she says with approval.
"Yes, ma'am!" A fantastic doctor. I'm in love already.
"Oh, and don't forget to work on your back muscles, heh. Maybe you don't want 'em quite this big, and I'm a bit special anyways. Like I said, don't worry too much about it."
"Right. Princess Tsunade, another question. Did you happen to meet a strange boy on your travels?"
"Strange...someone like that, yeah. Jiraiya brought around this loud midget when he was looking for me. Crazy kid made a bet with me and of course, I egged him on. He actually completed the Rasengan. Heh..." She smiles at the memory. "I felt like I was looking into the past for a while, and frankly...I was getting tired of wandering. So it didn't take much persuading on their part. Sarutobi-sensei is getting up there in age, too." Tsunade puts her arms under her chest. "I think Hokage is sort of a fool's errand, but...well. If they need someone to fill in, or whatever, I could consider it. Just in case. I don't really want to do it, but I will."
"Ah." Tsundere, too. Full of surprises, this one.
"That kid really reminded my of Jiraiya. Right down to that obnoxious attitude. Kept yapping about how he would become Hokage one day, and somehow I got caught up in that silliness. But it was refreshing. Felt good, to be honest. Just questioning all of those beliefs I held onto because of my fears...and spending my life gloomy and depressed isn't what they would want for me."
"You've lost loved ones, too."
"Yeah." She stares wistfully into the distance. "It felt like my world was turning into dust at one point."
"It still hurts, doesn't it..."
"It does. I...wanted to join them, in the next world. But I know that there's still so much to do in this life. So I want to make them proud. One day, perhaps...I can finally give life to their dreams by becoming Hokage."
"He got to you too," I say with a smile.
"Yeah...the little runt did. I guess you're going steady with him?"
"It would be sweet, wouldn't it. But...boys aren't my thing."
"Like that, eh."
"Yes. Like that."
"I see. Thinking about what Jiraiya told me, I would have assumed that he would be here bringing the Uchiha kid back home. What was the reason you took on this mission?"
"It's because I really do love him," I say sincerely.
"The way you look when you mention him...yeah. I can definitely see it," she says, smiling. "Well, let's make sure everyone's in good enough health before we get ready to move. You wouldn't happen to have any reports ready, would you? It's probably been a rough time."
"I do, actually. There was enough time in the day to complete them thoroughly," I respond. "The official notes are sealed away, but I do have the rough sections available." I reach into my side pouch and take out the notebook I was using, handing it to Tsunade. She nods and looks at the first open page.
"Very nice. Should make for some good light reading on the way back."
"Ma'am! Bodies recovered!" The second team returns with four scrolls in hand. They have red and black bands on the ends, with black paper in the middle. A type of scroll that I haven't seen before, and probably is meant for potentially volatile corpses. It makes sense with the unknown nature of the curse marks.
"Excellent. Formation!" Tsunade calls out. "I'll lead out front. Shizune, take my right. Lilith...oh, is-?"
"Yes, certainly."
"Good. Lili will take my left. Hinata, please take the middle behind me."
"Yes, ma'am."
"I'll need each remaining member of the medic corps to carry Sakura Haruno and Rock Lee, and to assist Shikamaru Nara in his movement. The rest of you on the corpse recovery team can line up behind them. And last but not least, I want Shino Aburame at our rear. Get into your positions and get ready!"
We do as she orders, lining up in a fashion that makes us look like an arrow. It's amusing, thinking about it.
But it also feels right. We're finally...finally going back home. It's almost over.
"Ready!" Tsunade calls one last time.
"Ready!" we all respond.
"Okay! Forward!"
Our legs are fresh as we hurry through the forest. Nothing of note happens as we continue straight through without stopping at full speed; there were a few traps on the way up that were disabled by Tsunade and her group. One break for rest, and then we're off again while travelling through the night.
It's just past dawn on this morning, three days after we set off to stop the worst outcome from occurring. The familiar gates of the village tower over us as we come to a stop.
Finally...we're home.
"Made it. Okay...deliver those bodies to the morgue, I'll deal with them at some point once we have everything cleared by the Hokage. Rest of us will take a trip to the hospital, god knows we need it for you kids."
"I really think I should deliver those reports, Princess Tsunade," I say to her.
"Well, first off," she says as the team with the corpses leaves, "formalities aren't needed with me, Lili. Second, I think that we should make sure there isn't anything too bad happening with your group before we let them run off. We have equipment and medicine that wasn't available in the field. You're anxious, but take it easy, okay?"
"Yes. I understand."
"Good. Let's go, then."
We quickly head to the hospital and get an area sealed off for our use. The mission was still a secret to everyone else, and it made sense that it stay that way. Tsunade and Shizune quickly herd us through an x-ray machine, take some blood samples, and check our breathing and pulses while making notes. They're quick and thorough, administering treatments as needed and then getting ready to send us home with instructions for recovery.
"Gonna apply a cast for you instead of a simple splint. Keep that arm from moving at all. Make sure to work your shoulder every once in a while, keep that blood flowing. From the x-rays, you'll need about two weeks to heal the fractures. That's followed by at least another week to recover your arm strength. You'll be fine, just hang in there."
"Yes. Thank you."
We're in one of the small rooms together, and she's skilfully started the application around my arm. Her hands delicately mould the cast around my wrist and arm, with space made for my fingers. It stops just below my shoulder and feels hard after a few minutes, however, it will need another day or so to fully harden with this mixture. She takes care of other minor wounds, like the slight burns to my skin and the scratches on my face that Hina put ointment on.
"Everything okay?" she asks as she finishes.
"It's fine for the most part. How is everyone else? Did you get their results?" I ask her.
"I did, because I knew you'd want to know as soon as you could." Tsunade grabs a clipboard behind her and looks at the notes she and Shizune have made so far.
Hina will be down for a week while her shoulder recovers. Her wound has already healed a bit, but it's still tender and excessive movement will aggravate it. Her bandage has been replaced and she's been given some light medication to help dull the pain and speed up healing some more. She's in great health otherwise, and all of her minor bruises have been healed.
Shino was suffering from simple exhaustion and told to rest. He's been given a mixture to help with his overall recovery, and his insect colony will regenerate properly in time.
Shikamaru suffered from an ankle sprain as suspected, and a few other bruises. There are orders to keep off the leg and he will be making use of crutches in that time to get around. Some medicine will help with his healing and his bruises have already been taken care of. He's fine, and must be looking forward to his unexpected vacation from work.
Lee's injuries were as severe as realized earlier by Hina, but all of that will be fixed with a quick surgery and some proper care. The main goals will be muscle repair and bone stabilization...luck would have it that some of the fragmented bones didn't invade the neural framework, but they came close. That would have made surgery exponentially harder, and decreased the chances of survival to fifty percent or close to it.
"It's a forbidden technique for more reasons than people realize. Forcing the body past its limits with chakra, especially in that manner, can cause things to literally explode and throw pieces into places they shouldn't go. I imagine he opened five when he only needed three because he wanted to make it a certain kill."
"Only three?" I ask.
"The Reverse Lotus can be accessed after opening the Life Gate, if my memory's still good. Pain and Limit are also in the same area, on the spinal cord, so it makes sense that he'd be taught those two if he mastered the first three...it's still reckless bullshit, but I gotta hand it to the kid. Big pair of balls on him."
"Indeed."
Sakura is sitting in a separate room, being interviewed by members of ANBU. She'll be sent home in a few hours, giving her time to recover before the real work begins at Interrogation. And Sasuke has been placed under the influence of a much stronger and more effective sedative, meaning he can rest properly. There's extensive monitoring being done to check for changes in condition, and Tsunade will be focusing her attention on him until the end of next week, when his major surgery will be scheduled.
I think about all of these things and find myself getting a bit confused. There's so much going on...so many things I have to figure out. The weight starts to bear down on me, and I understand more and more what I might be walking into.
I returned Sasuke to the village. Alive.
Now what?
"You look like you've got something on your mind, Lili."
"I do, I admit. I need...some advice. Badly. This is a confusing time, and I don't want to completely lose a handle on my emotions."
"Right. You wanna see your team off first?"
"I should do that, certainly." I hop down from my chair and leave the room. Everyone is gathered outside, waiting for me.
"How's it going, Chief?" Shikamaru asks. He's already got his new crutch, with his leg bandaged properly.
"Fine. I won't be able to move my right arm for the next two weeks. Small price to pay, I suppose."
"You sound like yourself, so that's good. I'm gonna head home, see if my old man is back yet. Ah...right. Hopefully my mom doesn't freak out when she sees my leg..."
"It's better than her crying over your corpse."
"Heh. I've got you to thank for that."
"You're a slacker, but don't go selling yourself short. Remember what I told you."
"I won't forget, honest. You'd kick my ass if I did."
I smile and wink at him. "See? You're learning quickly. Well done."
"It sounds like you're not going home yourself, Boss," Shino says.
"That's about right. I have these reports to deliver to the Hokage, and it should be done by the end of the day. I also have things I would like to discuss with the peerless Lady Tsunade here."
"Peerless, huh. Is that how she ropes you guys in?" Tsunade asks.
"It is either that or threats to our person, it seems," Lee quips.
"He's...not entirely wrong," Hina admits. "Lili has her quirks, even if they're not the most sensitive ways to approach a situation."
"We have achieved a high degree of efficiency, though," Shino says.
"I wonder about that...you might be letting that title of 'right hand' go to your head too often."
"It's not possible. After all, you are the one who gracefully balances the scales of Team Eight, Hinata."
"Hm. That sort of flattery...suspicious, but acceptable," Hina says with a smile.
"It seems we're in good spirits after that adventure...this pleases me," I say to the group. "Come, let me send you all off properly. Rest well, and remember we have one last thing to do as a team. I'll see you all later."
I give each person a hug with my good arm and wave as they leave together, going back into the main area of the hospital with Shizune leading on. Tsunade goes back into the room we were in before and seals the entrance before taking a seat at the desk nearby, unsealing something from a scroll.
"Always a good time for some tasty beverages."
"Everyone says that nowadays," I say.
"Welcome to the big leagues, kid. Every other team member you'll have from now on is a drunk, a druggie, or a sex fiend. Usually two of those mixed together. Sometimes you get a really fun one who's all three at once," Tsunade says as she pours herself a drink. "Not as scary as it sounds."
"Reassuring, really."
"See? The system sort of works. Mm." She takes a sip from her glass. "Ah, yeah. Smooth. So, what'd you want to know?"
I take a seat on one side of the desk. "I want to know, roughly...what I might be in for. It's bothering me, just thinking about all of the things that may or may not happen. Sasuke and Sakura caused us a lot of pain, every single one of us. Whether it was physical, mental, or emotional...the things we've suffered and endured feel like they could have been too much to handle if we all made the wrong choices. I had to be nearly perfect and just...shove down so many things inside of me, simply so that we could make it to the end of the day intact."
"Politics is a real bitch."
"So I know. Sasuke and I have had...an encounter before."
"Got the rundown. Really fucked up."
"Yes."
"Alright. I don't have psychic powers, so all of this can change on you at any time. But checking in was smart of you. I think the old man would have said some things to throw you for a real loop, and you would have been a wreck at the end of it all," Tsunade says. "But based on all the information I have, I can put together a basic scenario for you. Again, I haven't been in the village a while and this stuff about the Uchiha kid is fresh...but I've dealt with the upper ranks and pols enough in my time to put together some models. There's also some juicy stuff that you didn't get to hear because you were gone."
"Oh? How scandalous."
"Ain't it? Okay, from the top, then." Tsunade knocks back her drink and fills the glass again, then swivels her chair a bit to face me. "So. You've saved the village's golden boy and his girlfriend. Congratulations. Now what happens? First is our entry into the village, which basically nobody is going to question or worry about. The ANBU can be very persuasive when they want to be. But of course, you all came back from somewhere, right?"
"Swapping documents?"
"You're going to be on a mission you weren't assigned to. Maybe two, maybe three. The injuries are all going to be there and recorded, just a little deception about where you got them. All the little missions going on? Perfect cover."
"Mm. I can only assume we're going to be listed as combatants with Erika. She was heading out alone, with Gaara as her backup. That seems to make sense..."
"Following that up...you're going to be turned into ghosts. This mission happened, no question about it. Everything is going to be stored somewhere, and the Hokage is going to remember this for the rest of his life. His advisors, the shinobi council...everyone who needs to know about this will know. The clan heads will get fed the requisite information based on standing. Ino-Shika-Cho, the Inuzuka, the Sarutobi, and of course the Aburame are wrapped up in this. Hyuuga goes without saying since they have their powdered noses in fucking everything. But as far as you guys are concerned...you'll just be five brave shinobi who rescued Sasuke and Sakura from a bunch of evil invaders. That's the cover story. They got beat up real bad by the evil Sound shinobi, along with Ino, and an unidentified task force followed the trail to find them. A bunch of intense fighting, resulting in the Sound shinobi dead and the two brave genin of the Leaf rescued."
"..." I inhale and exhale sharply. That...is a lot. I understand why it would be unwise to publicly out Sasuke and Sakura for what they did, but it still hurts to hear. All of the pain and suffering they've caused, and they get to come home as heroes. It's a bit maddening if I think about it too much. At least Ino will be recognized because of this. She was brave enough to confront them and do the right thing.
"So...we come to the second part of this. Charges and sentencing." Tsunade takes a sip from her glass and sighs. "Reminding you that this is just conjecture on my part...but don't expect any big punishments for them. Execution was off the table if you brought him back alive, so I'm talking about real impactful stuff that would end anyone else's career."
"Reasoning?"
"Well, he's got a few things going for him. Victimized by Orochimaru. Suffering because of a curse mark that has corrupting influence, as testified to by Anko and Sensei. And that whole thing with his older brother, who he's within his rights to pursue. It makes this shit a mess, and it drives a wedge between the different factions who have opinions on how these things should go. You've got one side who wants maximum punishment with no compromise, a bunch of hardliners. On the other side, you have the guys who don't want anything bad to happen to Sasuke because he's the Uchiha progeny and so valuable to the village. Sensei would try to meet them in the middle, and I don't think that's going to work. There's also how it looks in the public eye."
"Hm. You mean to say that the usual things won't work as intended," I reply.
"A demotion won't work, and putting Sasuke back into a stream with less experienced kids at the Academy won't help anyone's development. It's also a public signal that Sasuke did something wrong and people will want to know why, possibly getting information from people who shouldn't be giving it out and compromising village security. You know, again. Corporal punishment is a wash because, again, in-fighting. Killing him is out, you would have been excused if he died in battle or because of his injuries - Shizune and I would vouch for you there, too - but execution is a no-go for several reasons."
I know some of those reasons all too well. Itachi is still standing guard over his little brother, and I have no doubt that all hell would break loose if the Leaf did anything that led to the end of Sasuke's life. I wonder what he thinks about this little stunt, if he's even aware of it.
"They're too young for prison. Regular jail, nuh-uh. Terrible optics just like everything else. You see where this is going, there's a lot of scrambling to keep people from getting any credible evidence of this recent fuck-up, and if it interferes with proper punishments, then so be it."
"Unfortunate."
"Life's like that."
"Indeed," I say. "So, to summarize...everything about this recent mission is being hidden from the public, including our involvement. Sasuke and Sakura are having their actions covered up, and will soon be hailed as heroes of the Leaf who fought off dangerous attackers before being kidnapped, rescued, and brought home to safety. And because of fighting by shinobi and assorted politicians, we should expect no formal punishments for Sasuke and Sakura because those would create critical security flaws and in at least one case, bring untold destruction to the Leaf."
"You should throw your hat in the ring for Hokage. Got the brains for it."
"I'm about as interested in the job as you are."
"Mostly cold on it, but willing to try if asked?"
"A very well educated guess, milady," I say with a smile.
"Heh. Great minds think along the same lines. Never alike, though. That line was always bullshit, I don't know why people keep repeating it. Ah, well." She finishes the rest of her drink and lets out a breath. "Anything else?"
"No, that should be more than good enough. I think I'm ready to face whatever storm might come..."
"Take deep breaths before you walk through those doors, yeah?"
"I'll remember." I hop down from the desk and start on my way out. Something comes to mind.
Maybe...it doesn't have to be like this. I can write my own ending. I don't know about Sasuke, but Sakura...I can secure Sakura's future. Because I promised that she would pay me and my friends back for all the harm she's caused. I like to keep my promises.
"Tsunade...I actually do have one more thing," I say as I turn away from the door. My tongue briefly touches my lips. "I've been watching Sakura the past few days, noting her reactions here and there. At the moment, she's a shell of herself. Broken up over what happened to Sasuke and Ino."
She raises a brow at me. "What's your proposal?"
I don't want to ruin the moment...so I hold back the cruel smile that should be on my face right now. "I want you to put that girl into service. You see, I think she owes much to this village...and she should find a way to give back to it. But the best part," I say as I walk closer, "is that you're going to benefit from this the most."
Tsunade sets down her glass before leaning forward in her chair.
"You've got my full attention, Miss Kobayashi."
I finally smile. "Wonderful. This is something I know we'll both love."
"Lord Hokage will see you now."
The secretary looks at my right arm for a bit longer than she intended to. I pretend to ignore it and wait for the doors to open. I take a deep breath in as instructed earlier, and walk inside. The doors close behind me, presumably being sealed.
It's one of those bright and warm days today. I can see the light streaming through the window, lengthening the old man's shadow as he stands to look at his village. His hat comes off and he sets it on the desk before sitting, smoking from his pipe as usual. Today's scent is...unusual. Unfamiliar, definitely. I wonder what it is he's smoking, exactly.
"Please, have a seat," Hiruzen says. I nod and sit in one of the soft chairs placed in front of his desk. I remember that he has them moved in and out based on the guests he has. Shinobi are fine with standing as they come and go, but he seems to like this arrangement more these days.
"I have the mission reports for you."
"Ah, right. My apologies, I can..."
"Don't work yourself so hard, my lord. I can come to you. My legs are working properly."
"Yes, yes. Of course."
I walk to his desk and place the scroll into his hands. He unseals it and looks at the information within, scrutinizing every detail.
"Hm. This is quite detailed...quite detailed, indeed. All of the relevant elements within the village know of your mission's success. Congratulations, and thank you for your service. You have done much more than you know, and more than we can properly repay you for."
"Naturally. That's why it was love that drove me forward, and not compensation," I say as I sit in the chair again. "To see Naruto's smile, and your relief...that is enough for me right now. I have other desires, but they can wait."
"I see."
"There are difficult things to say, I realize. I have difficult things as well, but please...do not hesitate. As the leader of the Recovery Team, I need to hear about the things that have been happening inside of the village...things that will determine our future, and that of the people we raced to save from themselves."
Hiruzen nods and sets down the scroll. He folds his hands and places them on top of his desk.
"Lili...after you left the village, I did what I could. And what I had to as Hokage. To suppress unrest and stop discord from rushing through the village, I created a cover story that was approved by the village's higher ups. Sasuke and Sakura, as you might have heard, were officially kidnapped by the Hidden Sound's forces who had snuck into the village using information that Orochimaru had left them. They struggled before being beaten badly, and Ino who came to help after hearing the commotion was also badly hurt. We assembled an elite team to pursue the kidnappers, who were killed in battle. Sasuke and Sakura were brought back to the village, with both recovering."
"I see."
"As for punishment..." He pauses a long while. "The village council, along with the majority of participating officers and the elders have come to a decision. Sasuke Uchiha and Sakura Haruno will not be formally charged with defection from the village. Sasuke was being manipulated for a long while by Orochimaru, with some ways being more subtle than others. Sakura seems to have been carried along for her protection. Whether that's accurate will be determined by later tonight or tomorrow morning."
"Covering up evidence of their collusion with the Sound, then."
"Yes. That much is true," he admits.
"So we're being erased and Sasuke is escaping harsh punishment."
"We of the village have decided that it's in our best interests. There are many...security issues and other such things to consider."
"I figured on that." Tsunade really did have a good read of the situation. Just about everything she's said has come to pass.
"We have already made a note of his defection, but none of it will be a matter of public record. It was unfortunate how he went about it, but...he was also within his rights to go after Itachi Uchiha."
"Getting people hurt is acceptable?"
"Not at all. We will be considering that as well."
"Well, I have something for you to consider too, old man." I slide towards the edge of my chair and stare at him. I make sure that he's aware of my weight. "I'm going to loosen my tongue a little bit, and you can do whatever you want to me later as a punishment. But this? This has to happen right now, while we're here discussing all of this."
"Lili-"
"If you could shut the fuck up, I would like that. Did you hear me? I am the one speaking," I say forcefully.
"..."
"Lovely. Look here. Do you see this?" I say, pointing to my right arm, covered in a cast.
"I can see that your arm-"
"That's all I need to hear. Everything else is meaningless. Look at it. Now listen to me closely. I don't care about my fucking arm. I don't care about any of that fucking garbage. I would have broken both arms if it meant completing that mission, but it surely wasn't for you lot. Do you know what I care about? People. My people. I care about people with names that have meaning to me. Shino, and Shikamaru, and Lee. And Hina. My sister. She almost fell straight to her death because of that trash you call Sasuke. I watched it happen, and if I had been any slower, I would have come back to you an empty, hollow shell who would question her own existence before taking a knife to her throat and-"
"Lili-"
"Why are you fucking talking, old man. You can't even allow me this, can you? Stifling me. Shoving my words back down my throat, after everything that I've done for you and your precious village filled with precious little fucking shinobi. He hurt Ino. He hurt Naruto. My Naruto. I had to fight myself after seeing him for the first time, that villain who decided to take the power of that wretched curse into himself, that toxic darkness, that all consuming hatred. I had to fight myself because he hurt Naruto and made him cry into me. Helpless. Hurting, afraid, just so depressed that it broke me seeing it. Ino had the life beaten out of her and she begged me to bring that other worthless trash called Sakura back, because somehow she is also a human being and is also loved. I barely understand it sometimes. But Ino is my friend and I love her too. So I did it. I did all of it. And now it's going to be erased from the collective consciousness. What will you give us?"
"..."
"Nothing. Because you don't have anything to give. Can you fix my friends? Can you heal them? Give them the things they lost, that they sacrificed, that were dragged beneath the waters of the valley out in the middle of the world?"
"I cannot."
"Of course you can't. I knew that. I just wanted to hear it from you."
"Lilith."
"Are you getting angry now? Good. Get angry. Be angry at me, at this little girl tearing you to shreds so casually over these actions. Show that anger to me," I taunt. "Show it to me."
"..." He stares at me, wanting to speak. Setting his face like the stern old man, like the leader he is meant to be. But I've already gone so far. That won't bind me.
"Show it to me," I repeat. "Show me that righteous anger of yours, Third Hokage. What is it you have to say to me right now? That I'm wrong? That I should have more control of myself? That I should hold to that sort of calmness and professionalism and strength that you admired from before? I want you to understand that I am still a human being, that I have not yet ascended. On the day that I do, you will be able to see that Lili, that shining beacon in the sky, that woman who has ascended past herself and linked her very soul to the cosmos. But the one who sits here before you, with that sort of anger, that unbridled arrogance that is making your old bones creak, she is still a human, a vicious little mortal with bloody fangs that drive poison into the veins of anyone who dares cross her," I say as I tremble with anger. "I want you to look into these eyes and see and understand the pain that courses through my veins, that makes me want to rip and tear until my nose is filled with the scent of blood and it seeps into my brain."
"..."
"I want you to know, and remember, and feel everything that is flowing through me, that I held back because you asked it of me, because Naruto and Ino begged, because people were hurt and hurt themselves in pursuit of this justice. I formed myself into a weapon of behalf of you and those who wanted their mission to be a success. Could you even stand to wipe the blood away from me before placing me into that sheath to stain and rust? You and your fucking village."
"..."
"My thoughts are too scattered at this point. I'm done. You can say what you need to say now, Lord Hokage." I slowly wind down, still staring into him. He closes his eyes and sighs.
"You...are reckless. Beyond anything that anyone could imagine," he says quietly.
"I know that much."
"All I will say is...thank you. There are no words that I can speak that will properly dull the pain of these past events. No words that can truly give you closure after what has transpired. Right now, I am just...a frail old man," he says as he sets down his pipe. "And these things are all I can do. For you, and for this village."
"..."
"Sasuke...and Itachi. I showed my weakness in both cases. I wasn't swift enough, or forceful enough at the right times."
"And what about my little outburst?" I ask.
"A simple discussion. The mission leader sought to air her concerns and grievances to the Hokage after coming back from a challenging assignment. That is all."
"What an interesting way to put it. You know, I might very well do it again."
"I might have to put you in jail in that case. Someone might overhear, and I really can't let it go in front of other people." He scratches at his head nervously. "So...it would be nice if you showed more restraint in the future, Lili."
"Taking care of the elderly is a virtuous thing. I can do that much for you, since you've asked so nicely."
"Much appreciated."
"Of course. You know, I meant it when I said that I would become your sword. It's because you're not the frail old man you think you are, or like to pose as while walking around the village. You are a warrior king who will lead this world into the future."
"..."
"And so, I take pride in being by your side. I may be self-righteous, and coarse. My conduct and preferences might be seen as deviant, and my disdain for certain types of authority will cause more than a few problems down the road."
"Well, there is no such thing as perfection. I have accepted those parts of you, Lili."
"You flatter me, sir. I suppose that I should leave you to look at those reports...and give you a break from my face, after that earlier sequence. To apologize for it would undermine its purpose, but...I do hope that you haven't taken it too badly." I rise from the chair and bow deeply before starting to leave.
"Lili. Please wait a moment."
"Hm. Have you changed your mind all of a sudden?" I say as I turn from the door. He sets down his pipe again and approaches me. "Perhaps you did want to reprimand me, even if it's a light scolding..."
"Words wouldn't be enough to...express these thoughts to you. And I couldn't let you leave without doing so."
"Lord Hokage?" I look at him curiously as he comes closer. And finally...he opens his arms, and puts them around me.
"For everything that you've suffered...I am sorry. Shinobi are those who endure, but even that pain can become too much for one person to bear."
I say nothing and let him pull me closer. This feeling of warmth, of sincerity...it's why I devote myself to him. Why I care so much. Why I am able to show my true feelings in front of him.
I was never angry at this old man. My venom was not for him, and he knew that much.
He smells like smoke. I close my eyes and we stand together quietly in the middle of the room.
I passed through the gates earlier today, but...that wasn't it, was it? No...I realize that now.
Here, in this moment, with everything pressed into the pages of history...
...it's now that I've finally come home.


Chapter 61
Scarlet Justice - ep. 61"Futures, Endeavored"[Sasuke Recovery Mission: Conclusion 2]
"What an exhausting time."
I grumble to myself as I walk through the village, feeling too drained for any sort of running or jumping. It's amazing what emotional turmoil can do to a body. Ruki did talk about it the other day; stress levels and blood pressure and brain signals, so many different things that come from your mind that directly activate different parts of you physically. A true double-edged sword. The same emotions that can drive you to illness are the same that can bring your body past its established limits.
But even thinking about those sorts of things is a bother right now. Ugh. I just want to be home already. A hot bath, warm food in my belly, the softness of my bed and some spicy novels. I want at least that much before I fly into my dreams tonight.
"He was right, though. It was definitely reckless." Yelling at the Hokage like that would be a death sentence for anyone else, but whatever. I rescued his golden boy, alive, and completed an important mission relatively cleanly. All threats neutralized, zero losses on my side, and done within three or so days. I did fantastic fucking work. Right, forget about feeling sorry for my outburst...that old man and every single one of those balding old shinobi should have been in that room, their heads lowered to the floor as I chewed them out one by one. And then I would make them lick my feet as the first part of their penance towards me.
Oh, that would be sweet indeed.
"Alas...some fantasies are too bold to come to life. A shame."
The village is just as I left it...only a few days have passed, but it felt much longer than that because of all the tension. Well, with my arm like this, I should be sticking around for a while yet. Perhaps getting reacquainted with some of my favourite places...
With my left hand, I reach for the chain in my right pocket, pull out the attached key, and open the door slowly.
"I'm home."
Luna is washing plates in the kitchen while Midori sits at the table, wearing a bathrobe as she reads a book. A hot cup of tea is next to her.
"Miss Lili! You're home, you're home! Welcome back!" Luna squeals as soon as she sees me and rushes over to wrap me in a hug. "Oh, it's so good to see you again! Your arm...what happened to it?"
"It's broken. I will need about two weeks for it to properly heal, according to Tsunade."
"How distressing. I will take care of you with all that I have, then."
"There's no need to push yourself, Luna. I'll be out and about either way, since I can still walk. Some people to talk to, possible interviews and visits...the work isn't quite done yet, as unfortunate as it is to say."
She smiles and nods. "As expected of you. No opportunities wasted when it comes to business. If that is what you want, I will follow your will. But I would be honoured if you allowed me to spoil you a little after enduring so much."
"As you wish, Luna. Thank you for that."
"I live to serve you, milady."
"Lili, welcome home. You seem like you've been through a lot," Midori says as she stands up. "Perhaps some time to rest would do you good before we talk about your adventures."
"Maybe...maybe so." I feel my cheeks heating up as I look at her. There's this sort of odd sensation...a weighty feeling that I've never experienced. At least, I think so. I go to my knees and bow before her, lowering my head.
"Lili...?"
"Ane-ue," I say with reverence. This...I remember this. Saying her name, back then. "I've returned to you. Please, forgive my appearance."
"Lili...please raise your head."
"Yes." I look up and into her golden eyes from my position on the floor. My heart is beating quickly. I can see that she's blushing the same way that I am now, and she puts a hand over her chest. I feel like I'm...in tune with her at this very moment. I feel like we're truly connected, somehow.
"You...you saw it as well, didn't you?" she asks.
"Yes. I saw it," I say quickly.
It feels like it's just the two of us right now. But I know what she's talking about. The field of heaven. Her place.
"I see. How wonderful. I...can finally share that divine connection with someone. I can finally dance with another in that place. Lili...my darling little sister..."
"Midori-nee...I...I've always..."
"Will you dance with me there? Do you want to see that place again?" she asks, trembling. There's so much happening and it's...overwhelming. But it feels good and right. It feels like I've reached the place where I'm supposed to be.
"Yes," I say. "I want to hold onto you and dance on the heavenly plains. I want to see it again...I want to play there with you, Midori-nee. It's something I dreamed of the moment I realized where I was. Something I think of at this very moment."
"I'll show you...how to get there properly. I mean, if you...don't figure it out yourself. You're really special, Lili. You keep doing these things...you keep rising higher and higher towards me, and I can't help but feel joy. But I want to meet you there. I will meet you there, I promise."
"I trust you. I love you."
The words are the same as always. That same, familiar sequence. But they feel so much different today. Like...like my consciousness is slowly fading, and I'm falling into a dream. But I don't mind as long as it's for her. This is...not just a singular feeling of love. Everything from before is rushing back, like it's our first meeting all over again. The first time we met each other, the first time we signed that contract in blood, joining us together. I always, always, always wanted to be near her, not just physically, but spiritually. And now that I've seen it, that place beyond human sight...those desires are stronger than ever before, trying to burst out of me.
"I love you." The words come from me, filled with more meaning than before. "I love you!"
"Lili..."
"Midori-nee...I love you!" I cry out. I'm suddenly on my feet, and I run over to hug her tightly with my good arm. She squeezes me back, in the way that she always did. Always making me feel warm and safe. I'm closer to my beloved sister than ever before. My first sister...the first part of my new family.
"I love you, Lili." Her voice is so soothing. "I will always love you. Thank you for reaching that place...for reaching me. Thank you so much..."
"Have you been alone all this time? I'm so sorry...I-I thought that just being here with you, that would be enough. But you wanted more than just that. You wanted so much more..."
"Oh, you're such a wonderful child," she says, sobbing. "You're so good to me, Lili. Thank you for being born."
"I love you, Midori-nee."
"I love you, Lili."
I finally pull away from her and wipe my tears. As she does the same, I give her and Luna my brightest, happiest smile.
"It's good to have you home again, Lili."
"It's good to be home. I'm so glad that I could see you both again...my precious, precious family."
Midori and Luna hold each other close as I look on. This glow between the three of us is something that I would like to bask in forever. And the proud, bright smiles from my sisters...they make me feel like I can do anything, even in this state.
"Let's spoil our Lili for the rest of the day," Midori says. "I can take care of cooking while you do what you do best, Luna. Does that sound acceptable?"
"Certainly. Miss Lili, let's get you out of those clothes and into the bath."
The rest of the day is the best time I've ever had. I'm treated just like a queen. Luna carefully helps me in the bath and makes sure my cast is dry all the while. She tends to my hair, then works her magic on my skin. I'm wrapped in a soft and fluffy bathrobe afterwards and taken to the living room, where my hands and feet are given the greatest care. And in the meantime, stories from far away lands are recited to me as I'm fed a three course meal by hand, not having to lift a finger to eat. The luxury of cool, refreshing air flows through the apartment as I'm tended to by my older sisters, who happily complete each task and make sure that I'm comfortable each and every moment.
If this never happens again, I won't mind it. This is an absolutely heavenly experience, one that most mortals would give everything for. And here I am, enjoying it at no cost. But I deserve at least this much, don't I? Acknowledged or not, I am a hero of the Leaf.
I savour the last bite of red velvet cake, and find myself supremely satisfied.
"Mm. I didn't think you two would go this far, but I'm so glad you did. Thank you for this..."
"You're very welcome, Lili," Midori says as she fans me.
"Well, in my case...you simply have to ask, you know. I could do this much for you daily," Luna points out.
"But you know I wouldn't force that on you."
"I know. You are quite interesting in that way, milady."
"Hmhm. So it seems." I yawn and smack my lips. "Goodness. It seems that the earlier fatigue is catching up with me. It's only evening..."
"You won't be doing anything else for the day, hopefully," Midori says to me.
"Nothing else for today. Perhaps not tomorrow, either..."
"You really should sleep in. Now would be a good time to start with that. Shall we head to your room, Lady Kobayashi?"
"If you could...I don't think I can move after being so spoiled," I say with a smile. Luna gently lifts me from the couch and carries me to my room. Midori pulls back the covers, and Luna deposits me as I shrug off my robe. She takes it from me and Midori puts the covers securely over me as I yawn again.
"Thank you again...you really are the best."
"Anything for you, Lili."
"Yes. We are always here for you, Miss Lili."
"I'll be here for you, too. Whenever you need me...that's what sisters are meant for," I say drowsily. "Have sweet dreams tonight...I'll be thinking of you, as always."
"Good night, my love."
"Good night, mistress."
"Good night..." I smile and close my eyes.
"Miss Lili? It's time to wake up."
I slowly open my eyes to see Luna hovering over me. It takes a moment for me to remember that I asked her to wake me up early today. This is the third day since my return to the village. A calm Saturday night, a lazy Sunday, and now today.
It's Monday. Damp and cold from the recent rain.
"I have soup warming on the stove. Whenever you're ready."
"Of course. Thank you."
She nods and leaves me alone to get ready for the day. I yawn and scratch at my head. There's still a lingering bit of exhaustion from the mission, but that's nothing unusual. My right arm isn't too much of a bother, and I work the shoulder a bit while doing my stretches. I head to the bathroom and clean up, then head back to my room and get myself dressed. Ease of movement is the most important thing, and today isn't something I need to look pretty for. Even if it was, I'm not interested in my appearance anyways. I choose something simple: a long black sweater paired with black tights. The cast is layered very neatly thanks to Tsunade, so it doesn't look like an eyesore within my sweater sleeve. Hair and makeup...unimportant. Going natural today is fine.
Luna presents me with a large bowl of soup, and I gulp it down quickly. Some hot ginseng tea afterwards, and of course, my favourite milk.
"Today will be sunny, despite current appearances. A good thing to be sure," she says while taking away my bowl.
"Mm." I drink down my milk and she takes away the glass. "You're going painting today?"
"Yes. The weather hopefully will hold, and we can have a proper session. It's been a while since I've seen the girls, as well. Midori has gone on business again."
I talked to her a bit yesterday, about the events that took place on the retrieval mission. There wasn't much talking on her end, though she was curious about the chakra mode, and what I told her of Hina's description of it. She had the same thoughts as Tsunade regarding the outcomes and the political process. There were also oblique threats to consider with her presence and other things...nothing that I could immediately understand, but would soon enough. She's aware of Kabuto and has been talking with the Jakari sisters about next steps, trying not to get too involved but considering her options at this time. It's safe to say that he's now out of the purview of the Leaf, or any of the five shinobi powers for that matter.
I wonder what made that Danzo Shimura fellow so anxious...hm.
"Things are changing in her world. I wonder if she'll have the time to train me like she keeps promising. It's not a bother if she can't do so, but...I know that it's an important thing for her, more than it might be for me. She wants to see the plains of heaven with me next to her."
"Yes, she's eager to have that happen. I know that she'll find time for you," Luna says.
"That much is true. I suppose I should get going, then." I leave the table and find a small pouch nearby, strapping it to my upper thigh. It has all of my essentials for the day. "Will you be home late, Luna?"
"Yes. Supper will be left on the warmer before I leave."
"Thank you for that. Then I will see you soon."
"Yes, milady." We share a hug before I exit the apartment, walking lightly down the stairs. This apartment is nice, but I'm still thinking about moving. Perhaps after a certain point...maybe the aforementioned training with Midori, since I would likely be away for a long enough time. It sounds convenient, but the problem is choosing a new location. That might take some time. Buildings near the Uchiha District are easily purchased, but thanks to this incident and others like it, it would put a bad taste in my mouth living around there.
I walk straight to the Academy complex and meet with my team - they're still my team right up until the moment that we collect our mission pay. Normally, it wouldn't take three days for a payout, but there are obviously things afoot because of what we were tasked with.
Shino looks as healthy as ever, and Lee is here with a pair of crutches. The surgery seems to have gone well. Shikamaru has one crutch, staying off his bad leg as instructed. Hina has gone casual, wearing a red sundress and putting her hair up in a high ponytail. She still has bandage over her left shoulder.
"Good morning, loves," I say in greeting. "The weather is quite interesting by Leaf standards, no?"
I hug Hina and we exchange air kisses, then I hug everyone else with my good arm as firmly as I can. Shikamaru gets an extra pat on the cheek, and we exchange smiles at that.
"Shall we go?" I ask.
"Yeah. Let's get this over with, Chief," Shikamaru says. "Mind if I share some thoughts after we get our hush money?"
"I'd love to hear them. Is anyone here busy?" I watch as everyone shakes their heads. "Good. I'll treat you all to some sweets, then. There's a place that Hina and I love to visit, since the cinnamon buns are lovely."
"Anything to get out of the house at this point," Shikamaru says.
"I take it your mother was displeased that you returned injured?" Shino asks.
"Somehow it was worse than that. She's been smothering the life out of me, treating me like a baby or something. If I move more than an inch in any direction she'll go off like an air horn, crying about how my leg will never heal at this rate or whatever. Damn..."
"Seems like you can't win for trying," I quip.
"It totally blows. She thinks I'm a hero or something. I don't want to be treated like that...real pain in the ass, honestly."
"Well, what isn't painful for you? The list must be short."
"I'm guessing the last few days were better for you, since you're back to bullying me already."
"They were quite nice. I was treated like a goddess upon my return home."
"Yeah, that'll do it." He sighs. "Well, time to do this. Been a pleasure working with you guys, mostly."
"And I've enjoyed working with you, Shikamaru. Hopefully we can team up in the future."
He smiles. "Just give me a call. Don't expect me to like it, though."
We make it to the Mission Assignment Desk. The Hokage smiles as he spots us, and gives me a friendly nod. I nod back and bow at the waist respectfully for him.
"The five of you are here for your mission pay, as expected. It took a while to prepare for various reasons, but I believe that you will all be satisfied with what you will receive. However," he says with a critical look, "do not be afraid to speak up if necessary."
As I thought, he didn't approve of these obvious bribes coming into our hands.
The team grabs their envelopes one by one before filing out, everyone around us none the wiser. Iruka isn't here...right, he's part of the regular forces and wouldn't know about the mission in the first place. I could talk about it to him on my own time...then again, maybe Naruto told him already. I'll figure that out soon enough.
Hina leads the way to our chosen shop for the day, and we pick out a round table to sit at. Our various injuries seem to make us stand out a little, but not in a bad way; the looks we get are sympathetic and there are respectful nods sent to us by civilians. A waitress arrives and takes our orders for drinks.
As soon as she leaves, we look at each other before simultaneously opening our secured envelopes, complete with cheques and receipts inside.
"This is correct...isn't it?" Shino asks cautiously. "Hm. This really is a bribe, then."
"How much?" I ask.
"Two and a half million ryo."
"Whoa...s-so many...zeroes!" Lee exclaims, his eyes swirling.
"Lee has two million...and I have four million here," Hina says casually. "Well, it's plenty to start a new life in the country, if I so desired. Though I suppose this has more to do with the clan than how well I did on the mission. I suspect that Father has received a substantial deposit into his accounts as well."
"I got three and a half," Shikamaru says as he sets his cheque down. "Most likely on account of my clan, too. What about you, Lili?"
"I was the team commander and carried the most responsibility, so with that in mind...they came up with this amount. Six million ryo with an extra three for mission bonuses. Must have been some formula they copied and applied to it. So that makes nine. Nine million ryo." I sigh and use the cheque to fan myself. "What the hell do I need nine million for all of a sudden...well, I shouldn't complain too loudly. Especially since I'm not handing it back to those pricks."
"Probably meant as some sort of gift, assuming they know who you are."
"I guess so. That's not a far off theory."
"I'm going to share one with Hanabi and one with Neji. That leaves two million for myself...I can put it in a spare account and pick up a card for it," Hina says. "What about you, Lili?"
"Three for Luna, she'll appreciate it. The other six will stay with me. I already have a house fund and a rainy day fund, along with my allowances. Mother and Midori-nee will have no use for it, they're already using ryo to stuff their pillows and sleep on. I'll use it to have fun, it's not much use otherwise right now."
"The lives of rich people are mysterious," Lee says. "I will buy something for Guy-sensei and Tenten! And perhaps a gift for Neji as well, though he may reject it due to coming into money soon."
"Mother will enjoy a substantial gift," Shino says. "I'll split it and start a proper fund for my own endeavours as well. Why? Because money used properly can create a greater good, instead of the evil commonly used by men."
"Mom can keep it," Shikamaru says lazily. "I'll chip off some for Choji and Ino, Asuma-sensei too. But the majority's going to her. Maybe if she can blow a bunch of cash on a getaway or spa day or whatever, she won't be such a demonic drag..."
"Slacker to the end, then," I quip at him.
"Yup. With the excuse to keep off my leg, I've got a lot more time for cloud watching with Choji. Heh, I guess I can treat him to some of those super-rare steaks he likes to talk about. Yeah, he'll love that."
"That's good to hear. You're making the most of life."
"That's the dream." He sighs. "So...I'll give you the rundown on what's been happening. Lady Tsunade handed out the condensed versions to everyone. The juicier details I got from my old man and his friends. Things aren't what they seem like on the surface."
The waitress returns with our drink orders, and we put away our bribes for the time being. I cross one leg over the other while in my chair. It seems like I will want to pay close attention to this.
"Tell me about our friend from the Hidden Sound first," I say as I sip my strawberry milk.
"Right. According to the info I got...Kabuto has been pretty cooperative overall, aside from a few sticking points. But they're releasing him to some people that the Hokage considers trustworthy. Sana Jakari and her twin sister, Sanae Jakari," Shikamaru says.
As I expected. Seems like Midori has chosen her time to move.
"They're the owners of Jakari Programming Corporation, known more widely as JPC. The Leaf has a strong partnership with them, but they're also rumoured to have connections to a powerful kingdom. Unfortunately, nobody knows what that place is, or where it might be. The arrangements were made in secret, so there aren't any details. But the Hokage made them in person, and most importantly, alone. So it had to be something really volatile, I guess."
Yes, that's definitely Midori's work. The promise to Kabuto I made earlier has been fulfilled, and he finally got to meet her. From that, I can guess that she's decided to spirit him away after all...meaning that I'll see him again at some point. From what I can glean he wasn't interested in collaborating with the Leaf much further anyways. But if there is information to be found, my sister can get it out of anyone she wants. Even if it's not exactly...ethically sound. Or safe for children to witness.
Hina orders cinnamon buns in the background as I think.
"Hm. What about Sakura and Sasuke?" I ask, knowing half of that answer already. "Things should be moving by now concerning them."
Shikamaru nods. "Yeah. Actually...my old man mentioned that you 'aired your grievances' to the Hokage in the meeting you had with him. You didn't...say anything weird, did you?"
"No, nothing like that."
"Oh...good."
"I merely cursed the old man to his face. As you do after a troubling mission, rescuing someone who once tried to choke you to death after a spar, injured your sister with a technique he was taught for the sake of the village, and made one of your precious friends cry with despair." I shrug. "I couldn't call that unusual."
"Fucking hell," Shikamaru says, rubbing his forehead. "I refuse to accept you're human at this point..."
"You should accept that much. If I had ascended past my humanity, it would have been a lot worse."
He cycles through a few different facial expressions before slowly shrugging. "You know, you're right about that, now that I think about it some more. Could have been a lot worse. That's life."
"You're learning. Very good."
"Yeah, well...I'm good with not knowing what exactly you said in there. It's a damn drag knowing what I know as is, but...yeah. Anyways, our favourite cross country explorers. Confusing stuff, but ultimately satisfying, I'd say. Let's start with the fairer half. She's not getting hit with anything bad in view of the public, you know what with the whole 'heroic effort' cover story. Lady Tsunade, though. She's been putting Sakura to work as her apprentice."
"A moment, please...an apprentice?" Hina asks, incredulous. "Her? That traitor? An apprentice to the world's greatest medic? How and why?"
"A coordinated effort," I say as I sip at my milk again. "And it's not what you think, Hina."
"Yep," Shikamaru says with a nod. "It's the sort of thing that would make you wish for a prison cell. This sort of apprenticeship isn't a badge of honour, far from it. Sakura's been put through the ringer since around Saturday, non stop work. Harsh physical training, high intensity studies with loads of written reports, and then medical application. You've got your surgeries, your autopsies in the morgue, basic treatments, the works. So she's been dealing with dead bodies and watching surgeries in real time, like right up there in close. Only two things she's provided are a large bottle of water and a bucket."
"A bucket?" Lee asks. "Whatever for?"
"That's where she throws her guts up into," Shikamaru says. "My old man says she empties her stomach until she can't anymore and walks home crying. Tsunade is making that girl see the worst things with no option to run away. Man..." He scratches at his head. "I give her a week from now tops before she just breaks..."
"And becomes a tool. Which as far as I'm concerned is fair for her," I say. "It's something cruel if you think about it enough. It's also well deserved for that useless bitch."
"Sheesh."
"I see. So she's getting what was coming to her. Well done, Lady Tsunade," Hina says. "It seems that justice has not been completely discarded."
"Does Lord Hokage approve of this?" Lee asks, worried.
"Ah, reluctantly," Shikamaru says with a wry smile. "Sakura will still be part of Team Seven and report for missions in the future, but she's also designated for missions with other teams as part of the Medic Corps. All other times she's with Lady Tsunade and Miss Shizune. And where Sasuke's concerned...he's set to have his major surgery at the end of the week, and then all of his time will be spent recovering. He'll be back with his squad as soon as he gets back to full health. Kakashi will be keeping a strict eye on him along with ANBU."
"I'm sure Kakashi is groaning at the prospect," I say.
"Who wouldn't. My dad said this much...Lord Hokage initially wanted to set an example and put them into prison for a while. Just to drive home the seriousness of the things they did. He handed down an order from the top that made sure those two wouldn't be designated as missing-nin once he found out they left. Of course, that wouldn't erase the problems that would crop up if they made it across the border, and it meant that the village would have been on the hook for any trouble they did cause in foreign nations, but it was a way of protecting them from the absolute worst scenarios. It also meant that the retrieval team could be created in the first place."
"Very interesting. But even at that point, anything could have happened."
"He was hoping to get you on the draw first, and then wanted it so that you volunteered for the mission instead of it being forced. This gets important later on, when we had to decide what ultimately happened with Sasuke," he says before taking a sip of his iced tea. "So if we ended up killing him, there's nothing that anyone could do about it. The cover story would change a bit, but he did end up leaving the village and that meant that things would be out of anyone's control. But he came back alive, so that changed the calculus. Sasuke's...pretty valuable to the village. He's not given any direct special treatment for a lot of reasons, but losing him and all the opportunities he provides would be a big blow to the village. There's also the diaspora to consider."
"More missing-nin problems, I assume."
"The Uchiha weren't averse to skipping town, even if their clan was involved in the Leaf's founding. A bunch of them have scattered to different places, and a few have had children that also manifested the Sharingan. I wouldn't know where exactly those kids are, but they're out there. Part of why losing track of Sasuke made the higher-ups so nervous. Because of that, there was a big alliance between senior shinobi and the pols to override the Hokage's moderate position on sentencing. Instead of any punishment it was ground down to nothing, which wasn't what he wanted. At the same time, if he pushed for something substantial, he would have to join hands with the hardliners, who wanted stuff like prison time, hard labour, and execution. Sasuke's lineage was irrelevant to them, and they saw true justice as punishing everyone who broke the rules equally."
It's a terrible place to be. And no doubt fuelled by the meddling of people like Danzo Shimura. I know that the Hokage could not kill Sasuke because of all the things that had happened before. It would make the village much weaker and in a short amount of time.
"I still don't understand what the endgame is here," Shino says. "Letting him free is one thing, but he still might have his ambitions flare up so that he leaves the village again. What happens then?"
"There's a definite answer for that," Shikamaru responds. "A system in place that will involve three people of this village: Lili, Naruto, and Erika. It's only the Hokage that has the actual details on this, but if I had to guess...even he doesn't have infinite mercy, and it might just be a flat out assassination if he steps the wrong way again. I don't know enough to make detailed comments. It's an extreme sounding thing, but it's not like he has anywhere else to go now. The Hidden Sound and all of its bases are confirmed to be destroyed. Erika on her mission with Gaara recovered two people, and Kakashi one person...they're apparently unique characters that would provide solid value to the village, and are cooperative enough. Lady Tsunade is set to examine them so she can figure out if they can give her more data about the cursed seal, for Sasuke's sake mostly. Also, Uncle Choza said something interesting that I agree with..."
"He might be thinking that they can provide some sort of positive influence for Sasuke, and perhaps in the other direction as well," I say.
"Yeah, exactly. My old man was talking about it, too. Me...meh. I don't think it'll work, but I'm willing to eat my words if Sasuke stops being anything besides a dumbass," Shikamaru says with a shrug. "There's also Danzo to consider, he seemed pretty interested in Sasuke's well-being which isn't a good sign. I think he'll try to groom him, ultimately. Almost too perfect."
"At this point, we'll have to rely on Naruto to pull him out of the darkness," I say. "That's why I brought him back. I'm no good with trash like that..."
"Yeah. Real pain in the ass." He sighs. "At any rate, it's gonna be at least a few months before Sasuke can return to any sort of fighting shape. No doubt he'll be simmering in his trademark anger, but there's not much we can do about that. Either someone reaches him in time, or he gets tempted to the dark side, again. And if Danzo gets his hooks in him, he's not a problem that we can just erase like Orochimaru."
"Unfortunate." I think for a moment. "By the way, has Naruto...?"
"Lady Tsunade said he hasn't gone to the hospital at all. Kakashi said he hasn't left his house since...Friday, I think. Sakura went up to see him and he didn't respond at all. I wonder if he's just depressed, or waiting for something..."
"Yes, I see." I take a long sip of strawberry milk and go into thought again. Sasuke is in limbo...I really wonder what I should do. Or rather, what I should say. Things have clearly changed.
The mission to save him physically has ended, but this battle for his soul is going to be trouble on its own. And it's not going to be a passing issue I can solve in three weeks while my body heals. I need to figure what I can do...this will take some time. Even if I don't like him, I meant what I said many times before. He is a valued member of the village. I can't let him disappear into darkness and do nothing about it.
Our desserts arrive. I share a cinnamon bun with Hina and enjoy another delicious glass of milk. The rest of our meeting is spent sharing lighter stories; Hina has gained a fair bit of respect for her performance within Hyuuga, Lee is crying over the praise he got from Guy, Shikamaru was his lazy self over the past few days and Shino was fussed over by his mother. He's also gained a fair bit of status in his clan, with an entourage that he has no idea what to do with. I'll have to help with that at some point.
It's still morning after all of that time talking, but we decide to part ways and go back to resting properly. Shikamaru will obviously be at home, Shino will be training a bit with his father as he's recovered nicely since the mission ended. Hina is going to check on Naruto. Lee chirps about training, but I scold him along with Hina for even considering it. Shino agrees to escort him directly to Guy, in order to prevent any shenanigans from occurring. We exchange hugs one last time and give out our farewells...and with that, the Sasuke Recovery team is officially disbanded.
The day isn't over yet, though. I have a few things that I want to take care of...it's been a few days since I've returned, and there's no sense in putting them off any longer. My first stop will be the hospital. I really want to see how Ino is doing.


Chapter 62
Scarlet Justice - ep. 62"Tomorrow's Children"
"Room 306," I say to myself. That's where Ino was the last time. I ascend the stairs at a leisurely pace and make it over to the room. The name on the door has been changed.
"Hm." The desk where the doctors and nurses congregate is nearby. I walk over to it and wait for someone to recognize me.
"Oh, hello! Did you need something from us, miss?"
"Yes. Is there information on a patient named Ino Yamanaka?"
"Are you a friend of hers?" the older woman asks.
"I am."
"Alright, let's see, then. Ino...ah, that's Lord Inoichi's daughter! Oh, she was certainly precious, and so full of life even after what happened to her. Brave, brave girl. She was discharged yesterday. Lady Tsunade saw to her personally and took care of her cast, among other things."
"I'm glad that she's well," I say sincerely.
"I think we all are. Oh, I see you have a cast on yourself. And it's along your whole arm, too."
"A difficult mission against the Hidden Sound," I say to her.
"Yes, yes. I've heard about that." She sighs while shuffling papers around. "Aside from that, there were those five shinobi who we'll never know the names of. Avenging Ino and saving both Sasuke and Sakura like that. It's unfair, you know? They should be recognized for their actions. Covered in glory like everyone else."
"..." I look up at her and nod. "You're right about that. I would say that what's done is done, but...those thoughts aren't wasted. I believe that they know how grateful people like you are. Your feelings and prayers have reached them. I think that's enough. It doesn't sound like it, and it probably won't ever feel like it. But...it's enough."
"Do you really think so?"
"I do. The kinds of people who would put themselves on the line like that, they would understand completely."
"I surely hope so. Is there anything else you needed, miss?"
"No, ma'am. Thank you for your help," I say before bowing. "Thank you for your hard work during this time. Please take care."
"You do the same."
I make my way out. It sounds like Ino is doing well enough, so she can go another day or two without seeing my face. Perhaps I should clear my head some more before doing anything else of importance. As soon as I leave the hospital, I head for the middle of the village and do some window shopping. Quite a few fancy things that I can snap up any time that I want, but that's far from the point. Just stopping from time to time and admiring the fine works on display is amusing enough. I've come to realize just how tactless the rich can be, even as they continually position themselves as the crown jewels of society. It's a bit pathetic. I'm glad that Emi is growing out of such nonsense.
There are things I want to purchase today, simple ones. And it's unwise to keep walking around with this bribe so casually. A stop at the bank, then. I head downtown to make the deposit, at a plain-looking building made of brick and mortar unlike those in the surrounding area. Sensible, with all the valuable and flammable material stocked inside. There are the usual weekday lines, made up mostly of middle-aged men putting away their days' wages and middle-aged women trying to juggle their finances. The last desk is closed, and I check my small watch. It shouldn't be long now.
An elderly woman, about my height, slowly makes her way to her seat and starts to set up for her shift. Her movements are slow, yet methodical. I can see the other tellers roll their eyes at her and offer assistance, which she politely brushes off before continuing with her routine. When she's finished, some people are sent over to her desk and mutter on while in line.
"Miss? The next desk is open."
"It's fine. Go on ahead, I'm waiting for someone," I say to the person behind me. They nod and move ahead. I let others go past me while waiting for the last line to clear, and as soon as it does, I head over to the old woman's desk and sit on the chair in front of her. She's finishing up some writing with her impeccable brushstrokes, and sets down the brush once she's done. A gentle breath to let the ink dry a little faster before the paper is set aside.
"Ah. Princess, you've returned," she says with a smile. Her white hair is tied into a bun that has hair shooting out of it every which way. "Another deposit?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Let's have a look." She takes the cheque from me and puts on her glasses. "Hoh. Lots more zeroes than usual. I haven't ever seen a payout this big..."
"It seems that I'm moving up in the world," I reply as I provide my identification. She looks at it and nods before handing the card back to me. I slip it into the pouch that's strapped to my thigh, and then pull out my bank book next. People have started their move over to cards, and those who still use books tend to have them stamped using machines these days. I prefer having the statements handwritten. It feels more comfortable. The transaction is completed in short order, and I look at my new balance.
"Nice and fat piggy bank, eh?"
"Something like that," I say with a smile. "Obaa-chan, a withdrawal of 10,000 ryo, please."
"Shopping later?"
"Mm...I'm feeling a bit melancholy today. Many things have happened recently. Ice cream, some new underwear, and a few books should help lift my spirits."
"You really are a strange child, eh."
"So it seems."
"Well...here you go."
"Thank you." She hands me the money requested, and I neatly put it away. The bank book again reflects my new balance as she finishes. "Obaa-chan, I'm off again. Please take care."
"Yes, take care. Say hello to your big sisters for me." She was convinced from the moment she saw us together that Luna, Midori, and I were related. We didn't correct her that time, since it was so cute...and she's certainly not wrong by now, is she?
"I'll give them your greetings. Until the next." I wave and slide down from my seat. The bank book goes back into my pouch, and I shake out my hair. "Now, let's see...the big bookstore should be over there."
I see a large advertisement on the windows as I approach. Oh, very interesting...an Icha Icha spin-off book has just been released. I'm still waiting for the third novel to be released, so this should sate my hunger for now. I head inside, scanning the shelves for anything interesting. A few manga catch my eye and I pick them up before making my way towards the featured novel.
"Icha Icha Garden," I mumble as I read the title. Very light on details...hm. I shrug and place it in my basket, then browse the aisles and collect a few more books before leaving. There are a few shops for racy underwear, which look intriguing. I wonder if Luna would like something from here as a present...but then again, Midori is probably doing enough work on that end. I'll pick up my practical items and leave that alone.
A half hour passes and I pick up some athletic wear for future missions - no sense in having it fail on you in the middle of the forest or something like that. Things for home, too. I thank the sales ladies for their help before leaving to get my ice cream, the last stop since it's such a time-sensitive thing. I buy from the local shop that makes everything by hand. It's expensive for most people, but very well worth it. The only shops that make anything comparable are in Frost Country, or cost even more than what I pay here.
This place also doubles as a sit-down establishment. As a result, I see some familiar faces. Erika and the fat-chested sensei are talking over sundaes. I think about approaching them, but decide against it. Erika has some interest in me, but I really don't want to talk to the pedophile across from her today. Or any other day, really.
It's only early afternoon at this point. Maybe Hina's visit is over by now, so I could...
"..."
I should. I will, actually. Though I have quite a few things on hand, so I'll have to put them away properly. I make my way home to drop off my cargo, putting away most of the ice cream and leaving my clothing and books on my bed for later. Luna has left a large pot to warm on the stove, and I peek into it.
"Beef stew."
I want to carry some over. It's a bit difficult with only one useful arm, but I get a good amount into a container, and slide it into a shopping bag to carry properly. Hopefully he's feeling better after Hina's visit. If not, then it won't be too much of a hassle to try again another day. I put a small bucket of ice cream into another bag and carry it along before leaving the apartment again.
As I make my way through the streets and closer to Naruto's apartment, I note the condition of the area around me. Nothing too terrible, but...well, I think that I can make a few changes for the better when it comes to his living space, if he wants it. Maybe a good chunk of that mission pay will go to a worthy cause after all. It's something that I can chew on a bit first.
I reach the front door and knock on it gently.
"On my way, one sec!" There's some rummaging I can hear before the lock clicks and the entrance opens. "Ah, sorry about that."
"It's okay. You sound like you're in good spirits," I say with a smile. "I really missed those eyes of yours."
"Lili? Ah, it's really good to see you! C-come on in," Naruto says while waving me inside. "How's your arm, is it okay?"
"Nothing serious. It should be fine in a few weeks, I just have work on strengthening it once the cast comes off. Oh, I brought stew," I say as I hold up the shopping bags. "And some ice cream, from one of the fancy shops you've never heard of. But I can smell that some home cooking has been going on."
"Oh, yeah. Hinata was here earlier and she cooked...she kinda insisted," he says with a sheepish smile. I notice he's still in his pyjamas, and his hair is pretty wild-looking. "I wasn't feeling so great the past few days, with everything that happened."
"You can talk to me about it," I say gently. "I'll listen to everything you have to say. That's what friends do."
"Yeah...alright. You wanna sit down and eat first? I'm not really hungry right now."
"We can save it for a while later." I set the bags down and take the stew out, opening the lid slightly as I put it on the counter. "It has to cool first before going into the fridge. And the ice cream can go inside the freezer now...okay. Tea or cocoa today?"
"Ah, cocoa is good. Marshmallows, too," Naruto says.
"Coming right up." I boil some water in a small pot and mix the powder in. At the same time, I put another pot on and get ready to brew my tea just the way I like it. It takes a few minutes, but it's also a simple enough thing to do. A little bit of milk, some honey to sweeten...and done.
"You really end up spoiling me, ya know?" he says with a smile. I hand him his mug, with the marshmallows bobbing up and down in the cocoa. We sit down at the table next to each other, sipping our drinks slowly and quietly. The silence is comfortable, considering everything that's happened. I really hope this hasn't caused him too much pain. At the least, he's let Hina inside, and is willing to spend time with me. His happy face as he enjoys his cocoa makes me happy, too.
"I, uh...didn't go to the hospital. Haven't gone yet, I mean. Sasuke...yeah. And I know that Sakura came by the other day, but I felt like...I felt like I didn't wanna see her. It didn't feel right. You know?"
"I think I get it a little."
"Yeah. You...probably know. I'm scared, honestly. The picture I have of those two, in my head, it's gonna fall apart the next time that I see them. We won't be that Team Seven anymore. The kids who did stuff like fight super criminals, or beat up giant snakes in a death forest, or chased after cats and junk. Everything will change forever. I know that it has to happen, though." He pauses to take another sip of his cocoa. "Seeing Hinata's shoulder, and your arm...I have to face reality. Because you guys made so many sacrifices, just to keep that one promise. I can't...no, I won't let it go to waste."
"I know you won't. That was never in my thoughts, Naruto."
He sets down the mug slowly. "Kakashi-sensei was the only person I've been talking to recently. Since he was in the loop, and all that. He came to see me as soon as he heard what happened. I couldn't believe it for a while, even if it was him telling me all of it. Is it really true that you guys...that they're treating it like a mission that doesn't exist? Like you guys didn't actually go out there, and do all the things that you did? Are they really making Sakura and Sasuke out to be heroes? And they're not even getting punishment for everything they did?"
I nod slowly. "All of it is true, Naruto."
"That's bullshit!" he yells, slamming his hand down on the table. "Friends or not...it's not like I want them to die, but something...even if it's just something small, they gotta get some sort of punishment for what they did! That's not fair!" He looks at me. "And you guys...how can you live with that?"
I stare down at the tea in my own mug, watching the ripples spreading out on the surface. "I can't. I really can't live with it. You're right, it is bullshit. It makes my blood boil if I think about it too much. Not because of my arm...it's because of everything that happened to us."
He sighs and nods a few times. "Good. So you feel the same. Ah, dammit. I know the old man would have come up with something fair if he could. It's gotta be that tree...root...whatever jackass messing with things behind the scenes, like Pervy Sage mentioned the other day. And I think that once Sasuke wakes up, with old jerks like that pushing him around, he'll go right back to the dark side. Orochimaru is gone, so you'd think it would be the end of it, but...ugh."
"Hey. Don't get stressed out, okay?" I say to him. "You don't have to put all of those burdens onto yourself."
"But it's hard, though. I...really wanna get to Sasuke, but he's asleep right now and has to recover first. So it's gonna be a super small window," he says as he folds his arms. "He's recovering, so I can't use my fists to knock some sense into him until he's healthy. And then he's such an idiot loner that trying to be friends with him normally is a complete pain in the ass." Naruto makes a face. "He's so damn stubborn, you know? I figured that you kicking his ass might have woke him up, but we won't know for sure until later..."
He's really been thinking about this, hasn't he? Perhaps that little trip with Jiraiya did a lot more than I assumed. That sort of decisiveness, along with his compassion...it's something you like to see out of a future leader.
"You really are remarkable," I say.
"Eh?"
"Even now, you want to save him."
"Well, yeah...but I think the reason for that's changed a bit," he says. "It's not just about him anymore. I don't want to waste the gift you've given me, Lili. You put everything aside to bring him back to the village. I can't ever repay you for something that big, you know? You...gave him and Sakura a second chance. All because I asked. That's..."
"It's because I love you," I say with sincerity. "And love...sometimes it makes people do things they wouldn't otherwise. The sorts of things that would be called foolish in another time and place."
"Ah, that's true. Yeah. Um...s-speaking of that..."
"What is it?"
"Well, you know how Hinata's been coming around from time to time, and we've been talking and stuff? I know that I liked her before, I told you as much, but...she's been coming on strong lately, I think. Lili...w-what do I do? I don't wanna screw things up with her, you know? She's so nice..."
Hmhm. So it begins. I make sure to keep a neutral face as I nod. "It's a simple thing to navigate, my love. Simply get to know her better. Ask her small questions, point out things you enjoy, things of that nature. But the most important thing is to be yourself. That's the part of you that she likes the most. A guy like you," I say as I rustle his hair a bit, "shouldn't go out and do too much. Girls like you when you're natural. Understand?"
"I think I got it, yeah. Just be me. Oh, and she laughs a lot at my jokes. It's weird because nobody else does that..."
Well, she's gained a bit of a mean streak lately. That might be my fault. So she might be laughing at him instead of with him most of the time...ah, it's nothing too troublesome. They can bond over that later once they start dating for real. "Don't worry about it. But if you're interested in bullying her, I know a few techniques."
"Eh...I dunno," he says with a brow raised. "You're way into this bullying thing, ya know."
"It's an art," I say seriously.
"I guess I can take your word for it there." He sighs and leans back in his chair, sipping at his cocoa again. I drink some more of my tea as we go silent again for a while.
"Are you really doing okay?" I ask.
"I'm probably a little depressed, I think. Comes with the territory. Dunno."
"Mm."
"Lili?"
"Yes?"
"Brotherhood doesn't always mean like or love, right?"
"It doesn't, no. Family...unfortunately, it sometimes can hold no weight as a word at all. But when it does, being angry at someone, or wanting them to do better...that wouldn't be enough to break the bonds between you."
"It bites. I don't want things to change. And Sakura...heh, I always liked Sakura. The other kids made fun of her, and I remember she used to hide her forehead. It never looked that bad to me, so I never really understood what they were saying. Maybe, though...there's more to it than that, if I had to be honest with myself. I still think she's nice, it's just...different now. I wish I could keep those two from before, instead of the ones I have to deal with now."
"Reality is harsh sometimes. I'm sorry, Naruto," I say. "I wish..."
"Don't."
"Huh?"
I watch as he grips his mug tightly. "Don't do that. Don't waste any more of your wishes on them, Lili." His voice changes as he says that. It's...almost dark in a way. Forceful and protective.
"Naruto...?"
"Don't waste yourself on them any more. You've done enough. More than enough." He breathes out and turns his head to look at me. There's so much intensity in his eyes. "If either of them do anything to hurt you, to waste the sacrifices you've made...I'll...with my own hands, no matter what anyone else decides...I'll punish them both. I swear it."
"Oh." I've never heard him like this before. I feel a heat spread across my cheeks as he holds my gaze. He's...really gotten manly all of a sudden. It's incredible.
"Even I've got a limit, you know."
"I...understand," I say with a nod. "Thank you for looking out for me. I should be fine, but...thank you for that, Naruto."
He smiles. "Hey, that's what friends are for, right? Oh...did you wanna do anything, or just hang out like this? I don't mind either way."
"..." I don't really have anything to do later, so...it should be fine, right? "That sounds alright. Let's stay in together."
"Great! I got some games and stuff, or if you want to play cards, or..."
"Naruto. It's okay...I can tell you about the mission."
"Can you?! Oh man, please please please tell me about everything! How'd you beat up Sasuke?! What crazy move did you make up?"
I giggle a bit behind my hand, and wait for him to calm down. "Okay, take it easy. I didn't fight Sasuke right away, you know. You wanted to hear everything, right?"
"For sure!"
"Let me warm up some more cocoa for you." I take his empty mug to the stove and wait for the cocoa in the pot to warm, stirring it a little with a wooden spoon. "My first opponent was a man with six arms."
"Whoa...was he like a spider, or something?"
"Exactly like that. He shot sticky webs from his mouth that had chakra in them. So it was a bit troublesome dealing with that part. Fortunately, I was able to think quickly on my feet and negate that advantage."
"Sounds like a long range guy," Naruto says as I bring him his mug again. He bites into one of the marshmallows and swallows. "So...how'd you trip him up?"
I sit down next to him and let out a breath. "I started with a quick analysis of his abilities. The ranged attacks had certain properties, and so..."


Chapter 63
Scarlet Justice - ep. 63"Glowing Blossoms"
I spend the entire afternoon with Naruto, telling him about the mission to bring Sasuke back. He was so excited by the end of it that he couldn't calm down, which is making it hard to go home. But seeing him so happy...it wasn't much of a hassle staying after all. We shared some of the beef stew and he really enjoyed it. I'll have Luna make some more for another day. That, and I'll ask for the recipe so Hina can put her own spin on it.
"Hopefully you'll let me go for now," I say with a laugh.
"Y-yeah. Sorry, I just...wow, I wish I coulda been there! That sounded like the most awesome fight, and that cool combo move...man! You called it 'Final Justice', right?"
"I did."
"So cool..." He sighs. "I gotta catch up. Sasuke's not much of a worry right now, especially with my cool new jutsu. Hehe, I'll show it off to you one day soon!"
That was...Rasengan, right? I've heard of it, but never witnessed it in person before. It should be a treat, considering that Tsunade was impressed he even managed to learn it in the first place.
"Looking forward to it. I'll let you know when I'm free, there are a couple of things to take care of in the next while."
"Still on the go, huh. Well, take it easy at least. You want that arm to heal, yeah?"
"I do. Tomorrow though, I'm going to see Ino. They let her out of the hospital."
"That's great! I went over to see her the other day, ya know? She was looking a lot better than before."
"Lady Tsunade recently gave her some treatment. She should be good as new by now," I say as I leave my seat. I take our empty plates and cups to the sink before washing them out.
"Yeah. Granny Tsunade's a miracle worker. Really stubborn, though...and scary when she gets mad."
"That all sounds normal enough for an older woman."
"Dunno if splitting roads in half is normal for anyone..."
"Nonsense, it's perfectly natural. Okay, I'll get going," I say as I finish washing up. "You can hang onto that container when you're done with it. If you want more stew, just ask and I'll ask Luna to cook some. I have a feeling it won't be necessary, though...just a hunch, hmhm."
"Alright. I'll have the rest for lunch tomorrow, I guess." He stands up himself and walks me to the door. I step into my slippers and turn around to face him.
"I'll be seeing you."
"Yeah, for sure."
I smile and hug him tightly with my good arm, closing my eyes. "Thank you for everything. Please, feel better soon. Take your time, and take care of yourself always."
"You too, Lili," he says as he hugs me back. "I won't forget any of this, I promise. Thanks for everything you've done, and for being my friend. I won't give up on those two, or on that dream of mine."
"I know. You're going to become Hokage one day, and I'll be right there with you."
"Yeah."
"Of course, I might have to take my turn ahead of you. If I do too well, they might not want anyone else..."
"Heh. We'll see about that, yeah?"
"We will. I can't wait." I let go and kiss him gently on the cheek. I can see that his eyes are as bright and warm as ever...just as I want to remember them. The night is warm as I step into it and head for home.
"He's really growing," I say to myself with a smile. It might be inexplicable to someone looking at us. Someone like me, putting so much affection and faith into someone like him. We're so far apart in so many ways.
But I believe in him. In the person he is, and in the person he will become. I believe in love, and that it can make ordinary people into the greatest heroes the world has ever known. I believe that it can help us change the future.
Most of all...he makes me happy. That alone is enough to make me want to stand by him.
I don't care what the world thinks. I never have.
It's the next day, and I set off after cooking myself breakfast. The day is cool again and there's the chance of rain, according to the radio. A gloomy band of weather the past few days, it seems. I pick out a long pink sweater this time and jogging pants. They feel comfortable, which is what matters most right now.
I step into my slippers and leave the apartment. Today I'm free again, and there's nothing terribly important that I have to rush towards. Let's see. Today's itinerary...I'll go and see Ino as planned, and then make a stop to see the Hokage if he's not terribly busy. Shikamaru said some interesting things yesterday that I want to follow up on.
"Well, looks like our hero is out and about today. It's good to see you."
"Likewise," I say to Kakashi. He closes his book and gives me one of his smiles. "Have you been well?"
"Yeah. Nothing terribly exciting with the whole invasion, and all."
"You would say such a thing. But I'm glad that you're okay. Everything worked out well enough from what I've been hearing. The Hidden Sound is no more, and Orochimaru's legacy has been erased from the earth. For the most part, anyways. Sasuke still has the brand on him, and an unfortunate transformation. But we can deal with that later on."
"Have you gone to see Naruto yet?"
"We spent most of yesterday together. He's in good spirits, which pleases me. And I can see that he has a conviction about him that wasn't there before, which bodes well for the future. I know that you've given him all the detail that you could regarding the mission and its outcome."
"He was bothered by some of it. Frankly, I was more bothered than he was at the whole thing." He pauses a bit. "The difference in how these missions have been handled is...sort of stark, I'd say."
"This is based on your experience as a member of ANBU, yes?"
"Yeah, more or less. Missions in the Black Ops were need-to-know. Only a few people knew of what was going on, and the general public never came into it. Everything was in the shadows. With the regular forces, you have a lot of things in the open. So people know what's going on and can see it, there are things that can be seen as good and bad in the public eye, and you have to account for that as well. What's happening with you, though..."
"..."
"It somehow feels like the worst of both worlds," he says as he looks into the sky. "You do all the work, complete the mission cleanly, and then just have your recognition taken from you. Everyone knows that something important happened, it's recognized and celebrated for all to see. But not only are you erased from public record, it's someone else who gets to be called 'hero' in your place."
"The one who was my true enemy," I say. "That does sound cruel when you put it like that. Unfortunately, I would like this village to remain intact. So I can't make these facts known to everyone. It would be harmful, and more than that, a waste."
"I see. You have an interesting way of looking at the world."
"It's not much different from yours, I would say. Comrades are worth a lot more than people realize. I've read about your father, the White Fang."
"Have you..."
"The man who was disgraced by the village for putting the lives of his teammates over the completion of the mission. That shame must have crushed him, and it ended up leaving you all alone. I'm sorry for that, Kakashi. Losing your family is something I wouldn't wish on anyone. Even if you did come through it brilliantly."
"For a long time after that, I decided that I wouldn't end up like him. Rules and regulations, following orders and giving them precisely...that was my experience growing up after his death. It was what I wanted, and what I thought would bring the most success as a soldier. It made me superior to a lot of my peers. It gave me the opportunity to be promoted long before anyone else."
"..."
"But I grew arrogant. I always valued the mission over the man, and there was that one mission that kept bringing me trouble as a result. It took a friend to wake me up to reality. He looked up to my father, and thought he was a brilliant man for more reasons than his skill in combat. And he gave me a lesson that I've tried my hardest to pass down to my students, and to my fellow shinobi."
"Those shinobi who break the rules and codes of this world are garbage," I say. "And yet..."
"Those shinobi who abandon their comrades are lower than garbage," he finishes. "It was the lesson I took with me after that day. Maybe if I had learned it sooner..."
"Perhaps. But it's today that matters. If you carry out your teachings with the same conviction that you always have, you'll make a change that will be felt by everyone in this world."
"Sounds ambitious."
"It might be. Don't worry, I can export those ideals for you. We wouldn't want Sharingan Kakashi to end up in the hospital more than he already does," I say with a smile. "Your father's spirit flows through the village in its own way. Looking after those who fight alongside you...that's helped me a lot in these times."
"I see."
"What were their names, Kakashi? If you could tell me."
"Obito Uchiha and...Rin Nohara."
I nod. "Names written into the memorial stone. Then they will become a part of my memory, too."
"You know, you don't have to go that far."
"I don't, but you know how stubborn I am. Especially with people I've come to like," I say with a wink. "Speaking of like, you have an interesting habit of avoiding women. I'm sure there are one or more pretty ladies that have caught your eye."
"Hm." He pulls out his book. "I might have caught someone's eye myself."
"Oh?"
"I wonder if you had a hand in it."
"I have my doubts there," I say casually. "And we wouldn't be able to verify such a thing, anyways. There are many, many beauties within this village."
"You would know."
"I would, yes. It's a remarkable thing."
"What's remarkable is how much gossip there is about you by now. There are women who talk about securing the chastity of their daughters. Well, Tsume is the loudest about it, at least."
"Mm. Hana is dangerously attractive."
"Things like that might get you in trouble down the road. Not anything serious, but people have been known to make complaints to Shikaku. Then again, he might enjoy the extra paperwork."
"Interesting. So he really is whipped."
"Yep."
"We should talk about this more over a drink or two. For now, I have places I would like to get to. It was lovely speaking to you, Kakashi."
"Always a pleasure, Lili. See you around, and take care of yourself."
"I will." He waves lazily, reading his book all the while as he leaves. It seems that Ruki has started courting him, which is good. I'm sure he's happy reading his books, but he deserves something more wholesome than that. It's been a long, harsh life for him.
"But you've done more than you could realize for this village. Thank you, Kakashi."
"The next stop for today is the Yamanaka house."
I step into the flower shop and have a small chat with the temp girl from before. Definitely outgoing and cute. She's happy to say that Ino is doing well. Today, I ask her to suggest an arrangement.
"Oh! You're sure? I mean, your arrangement the last time was beautiful..."
"I wanted to see your take today. After all, you've shown yourself to possess a fair amount talent, in addition to your other charms."
"O-oh. Thank you..." She blushes before hurrying off to grab my flowers. It looks like she's chosen poppies. Red, white and yellow ones. A good selection, simple and fitting for the times. I give her my payment and thank her before going on my way.
"Let's see. Should be south of the Nara forest, if I remember correctly." The district with the Yamanaka houses is a bit out of the way, near the Nara and Akimichi clans. The three of them are closely linked, as I've learned many times before. Ino is part of the sixteenth generation of Ino-Shika-Cho, and is next in line as the head of the Yamanaka Clan unless she marries out of the family. Her position is the same as Hina's used to be, and Hanabi's is now.
It's a large home that I come upon, but not excessively so. Built in the Eastern style with what I assume are low wooden floors. And as expected, there's an extensive arrangement of flower beds, leading from the front of the house right down to the beginning of the walkway. It's quite a sight to see.
"That...should be good. Nothing else doing for today, so I can finally chill out. Nice."
Ino is out front watering, her face free of bandages. And her hair is still short, but seems to be growing nicely since the last time I saw her. She's wearing a blue kimono with white lilies patterned on the fabric. I wait for her to turn and take notice of me.
"Miss Yamanaka, good morning," I say with a bow.
"Lili? You came out to see me, how sweet!" She sets down her watering can and runs to me, smothering me in a hug. "Welcome back!"
"Thank you. I see that you're doing better."
"A lot better! I just need to do some exercise to get myself back into fighting shape...other than that, I'm super okay. Lady Tsunade saw to me herself. She's so cool. I feel so much better and my cast was able to come off since the bone was healed. A little shinobi magic helped, hehe. Just a bit longer, and I can nag those two boys of mine properly like the good old days."
"Ah. So you're looking forward to work, then."
"Honestly? Yeah. I've been having fun and relaxing like this, but there's a part of me that'll feel unfulfilled if I just let it end here, you know? If I'm gonna bow out, I want it to be on my own terms if at all possible. Has to be my own decision. I mean, I haven't had any really bad thoughts, or any anxiety...I just wanna see about getting back to work, that's all. Might sound weird, eh? But...this is my life. I like it. I don't mind being a shinobi."
"That's good, then. As long as it's what you want, Ino...that sounds good to me."
"Yup!" She gives me a sunny smile. "Ooh, are those flowers? Did you find someone you wanted a piece of already?"
"Actually, they're for you."
"Oh, thank you! I super appreciate these, as always. You spoil me, Lili." She takes the bouquet from me.
"Open it up?"
"Sure. Let's see what you've got here..." She unwraps the paper and looks at the arrangement. "Ooh. Poppies. They're nice and fresh, too...mm. I love them. Very bright, festive almost. These are from the shop. How's my temp doing?"
"She's cute, and has impeccable taste."
"Good. We're hiring her full-time. That gives me a bit of freedom during the week, I can play around or study if I want. Time is really precious these days, you know?"
"I agree," I say with a nod.
"Since you came to visit, let's head inside for a bit. Mom's out, but Dad's home. He's in his study catching up on work." The two of us walk up to the sliding door, and Ino pulls it open. I take off my slippers and set them alongside the other footwear at the front, then shuffle into the guest slippers and follow Ino further in. There's nothing but wide open space...an open concept home, then? Interesting. Wood floors, cool to the touch. Very nice all around. I should talk to Luna about something like this later.
"Weather's been up and down lately. I didn't know what to wear, so I went with this since I wasn't going to be moving around too much," Ino says.
"It's a beautiful pattern. The colours suit you," I say to her.
"Thanks! You somehow manage to look stylish no matter what you wear. I'm just a little jealous."
"Only a little?"
"Okay, more jealous than that. The news hasn't totally spread about how much you enjoy the company of women, so the boys still throw those thirsty looks your way and talk about you quite a bit."
"I doubt it would change much if they knew."
"You think?"
"Boys seem to have this idea they can 'cure' girls like me."
"Gross. You want something to drink? I've got pink lemonade here."
"Whatever you're having is fine."
"Okay, pink lemonade it is. One second..." She pulls a pitcher out from the fridge and pours two deep glasses of lemonade for us. The kitchen is wide and looks very modern. There's an island in the middle where most items are stored on neatly. Really makes the room pop with the marble surfaces.
"Let's head out to the back porch. Nice and quiet there...and Dad can call for me if he needs me."
"You're a good daughter."
"I try." Ino hands me a glass as we head out to the polished wooden deck. We sit next to each other on the swinging chair that's been set up, and tap our glasses together before sipping from them.
"Mm. It's good," I say. "Not too sweet, a pinch of strawberry...very nice. You made it yourself."
"You're scary good at that."
"Took a fair bit of practice," I say with a smile. "This is a really nice home." The back garden is filled with all kinds of flowers and lush green bushes forming barriers. Everything is neatly lined up, the branches pruned and leaves skillfully trimmed.
"Oh, you think so? I was gonna say, I didn't think you'd be impressed by any of this. You know, coming from money and all."
"The garden at home is quite big, but it doesn't look nearly as lovely as this. None of the places that I've been to do, actually. Good taste doesn't come packaged in with wealth. It's an unfortunate reality, seeing as they control so much in this world of ours."
"Ah. Seems like that kind of world is deeper than most people realize. You ever think about like, becoming a socialite?"
"My father planned that out for me from an early age. He didn't see me as useful for anything else in life."
"That sounds really cruel. I mean, are you sure about that, Lili?"
"He had sex with my mother for business reasons. I think that's the only reason he has sex with anyone, really. Some sort of power trip, something like that." I make a face. "He's hoping that I end this phase of my life soon, so that I can get knocked up in a year or two and produce a true heir."
"Is that what he said to you?" Ino asks.
"Not in so many words. But he's expressed his displeasure with my career path to my stepmother once already. He didn't even care enough to show up at my graduation."
"Geez. I'm so sorry, Lili. That's really, really cold."
I sip my lemonade. "That's normal, I'm afraid. He can do so much worse than scolding and abandonment. So...I want to cut ties at the first opportunity. Even if it means a life of poverty as a result."
Ino sighs. "Your resolve is amazing. I mean, you're nuts and a huge pervert, but you're amazing. I guess that's why I like you so much."
"Surely there's more to it."
"Girl to girl? You're super cute, too."
"Someone's honest. Well, you're definitely a looker yourself, you know."
"Is this flirting?" she says with a smile. "This feels like flirting."
"Just let it happen."
"Uh, no. You'll corrupt me within the hour, and you know it."
"Darn." We laugh a bit after that.
"Thanks so much for what you did, Lili. I owe you a whole lot. You really...brought Sakura back to me, like I begged you to. Thank you. And I..."
"You don't need to say any more than that. I said it before, that I loved you very much. I made a promise that I intended to keep. Also, you should thank Lee when you get a chance. He gave a lot of himself for Sakura's sake."
"Yeah. He's got the biggest crush on Sakura. I know he did his part, too. So I'll make some time to visit him soon. Tenten usually knows where he is. I just wanted to thank you first after everything that happened. You're one of my most important people, you know?"
"I know. Thank you, Ino."
"Did you get that little message I sent?"
"I did. I was thinking of you a lot, you know. I hit Sasuke with that sixteen hit combo you put into my head."
"Wow...that must have been something. But what about Sakura?"
I grin. "Hina took care of that one."
"Holy crap. Did she really?"
"Right hand to the face, and she made sure to chew Sakura out once the fighting was over."
"Go, Hina. Wow. She's really turning it up, isn't she? I'm so proud of her."
"Right? She's beautiful."
"All thanks to you, of course."
"Well, I tried my best. But there was something sleeping inside of her the whole time. I just...helped bring it to the surface, that's all."
"There you go again, being modest for no reason. Speaking of blossoms...well, not to get so heavy all of a sudden..."
"It's alright, you know. What is it?" I say as I put my hand over hers.
"Sakura...she's not long for this world. The Sakura we know, I mean. I mean, she's not gonna die or anything, that's not what I'm saying."
"I get it, Ino. Slow down a bit."
She takes a breath in and nods. "Yeah. Yeah, thanks. I...can see it happening day by day. That whole training regimen...Lady Tsunade is slowly erasing her, even if she doesn't mean to do it. Soon she'll be gone. And the new Sakura will be vulnerable emotionally. It'll be up to me to protect her...I dunno if I'll have time for anyone or anything else. Which is unfortunate."
"You don't have to resign yourself to that fate, Ino," I say. "That sort of burden..."
"It's my choice, Lili. Honest," she says gently. "And even through all of that, her soul won't change. That's what matters in the end. Sakura will always be my best friend. Even if it doesn't mean happiness, this is what I want. I love her. I still love her, even after what she did to you, to me, to everyone. I...I want to be friends again one day, like we used to be. Because right now, that's...gone. It hurts, but..."
"Ino."
"As long as I have you with me, it'll be okay. You give me a lot of strength, you know. Just talking with me over the phone, or being here next to me like this. You mean so much to me, Lili."
"You'll have my support, Ino. No matter what you might choose. Just...tell me if it gets to be too much, okay?" I say.
"Only if you promise to do the same, Lili."
"I promise." We squeeze each other's hands and share a smile.
"Thanks. We'll get through this together, for sure."
"We will."
"So...to swing from one extreme to the other again," she says with a laugh, "I've got a question for you."
"Go ahead," I say as I finish off my lemonade.
"I know that you're into girls, but what I really want to know is...what kind of relationship suits you best?"
"What kind?"
"Yeah. You like to call yourself a connoisseur, no? So I would think that...it would be difficult just picking one girl over a couple of them. Am I wrong?"
"Hm." I think on it a little, putting a finger to my lips. "It's an interesting question. Complex in some ways, I would say. My dream scenario..."
"I'm actually pretty curious about this."
"Are you? Well...let's see. I would want a lovely, lovely girl to be my other half, for sure. There's just something so romantic and soothing about it. In the same way that seeing two women share their love awakened me, seeing them in a warm and loving relationship also appealed to me greatly. But you're right in that I wouldn't want to give up a free sort of lifestyle, where I could enjoy the company of beautiful women any time that I pleased."
"That's an interesting answer. Maybe...you can have your cake and eat it, too. If you play your cards right, that is."
"A wife and many mistresses, you think?"
"If she's open to it. Personally, I think you're charismatic enough as is to pull something crazy like that off. Something like a harem in name more than in deed, I guess? A bunch of cute girls in your orbit, with you and your future wife in the middle."
"How long have you been thinking about this, Ino?"
"Maybe the past ten minutes. Far as you know, anyways," she says with a sly smile. "Either way, you'll be beating off girls with a stick when you get older and they figure out what you're into. I say, start planning now. Get ahead of the game and such."
"I can't believe you're telling me to form a harem," I say with a laugh.
"I'm not telling you to do it, just...you know, giving out advice in case. It's helpful, right? Helping your friends is good."
"You just want to see some juicy chaos."
"See, nobody needs to know that part."
"Tsume is going to kill you."
"She'll have to catch me first. Wait, why do you have to go after Hana anyways? Something about forbidden fruit tasting the sweetest?"
"Ooh, you know me well."
"You're actually horrible. Like, the worst. Listen, you don't have to go after every girl with a pulse, and again for posterity, I never told you to."
"Anyone truly off limits?"
"Nothing like that."
"Mm. Not even...Erika?" I say casually.
"Interesting that you mention her...there's nothing like that going on, though. I mean she's nice, but...you know. Can't be sure I swing that way yet," Ino says with a shrug. A little too casual on her part, but I'll leave that thing alone.
"Well. I'm sure you'll find the right person soon enough."
"One more question, then."
"I have a feeling it's going to be spicy."
"Maybe. If...at some point I expressed...interest. Would you consider me?" she asks.
"Of course I would."
"You said that way too quickly."
"I mean it!" I protest. "You would make a great partner, and not just for your looks."
"You really mean it."
"I really mean it. I would love something like that."
"Thanks. I just...wanted to know. Curious, and stuff. Yeah. That's it." She coughs. "It might end up being a guy that I spend my life with, but it's still really early. We'll see. But thanks for answering so enthusiastically."
"Ego boost?"
"Ego boost," she says with a nod. "I'll walk around like I'm the hottest thing in town for the next month thanks to you."
"You're welcome."
"But we're friends no matter what happens. Right?"
"Right," I say with a nod. "Well, I don't want to leave so soon, but I have things I want to talk about with the Hokage."
"Oh, okay. Good luck over there, then. Dad says you're a pretty important figure these days, and that you should watch your back some. Hm...actually, what we were talking about earlier, the whole socialite thing..."
"Hm?"
"I was thinking that I could make use of that. I've already got roots in the village, pun intended, and I have a good grasp on social areas. I'm a beautiful young woman from a prestigious Leaf family. There's some influence there, so I can build on it and keep rising. That way, I can watch your back properly."
"Another pair of eyes sounds amazing."
"Doesn't it? I'll get to work on that as soon as I can. It's one way that I can start to pay you back for everything you've done. We'll definitely put our spin on village affairs, and ruffle some feathers along the way. That's the only way to get things done."
"I'm looking forward to that," I say as I get up. Ino takes my glass from me and we head back to the kitchen.
"Heh. Just look out for my rising star, Miss Elite. I'll be seeing you, then?"
"You will. And you have my number."
"Yep!" She gives me a warm hug, squeezing me tight. "Thanks so much for coming over, Lili. I love you a whole lot."
"I love you too, Ino. Be well."
She sets the glasses in the sink before walking me towards the front of the house.
"By the by...I was out shopping yesterday, and I saw something cute that seemed to suit you," I say as we reach the front entrance. I transfer slippers and we reach the door.
"Cute, eh?" She gives me a grin. "Well, we can make ourselves a deal. You see something cute, buy it for me, and I'll wear it as soon as you ask."
I smirk and raise a brow. "You think I won't do it. You really think I won't do it."
"I'm only halfway expecting it. Make sure to buy another set for yourself so we match."
"I'll see you later, Ino. You'll get your first outfit by courier," I say with a wave. She snorts at me and waves back.
She's going to be pretty shocked once she gets the first package from me. Like I wouldn't take her up on that challenge.


Chapter 64
Scarlet Justice - ep. 64"Patron Saints"
"Lord Hokage will see you now."
I follow the aide over to those familiar double doors. They're opened and I walk up to the Hokage's desk, where he sits while quietly smoking his pipe.
"Ah, Lili. Good to see you again."
"Likewise, Lord Hokage." I bow respectfully for him.
"Please, have a seat." I nod and do so. The chairs here and nice and soft, as always. "What did you come to see me for today?"
"Just a small chat and a status update. There are a few things I want to ask you."
"Of course. Anything that you want to know, my child."
"Let's start with a sensitive item, to get it out of the way. At least, I believe it would be as far as you're concerned. It's regarding the movements of Itachi Uchiha. You should be able to see the reasons for that sort of inquiry."
"How much do you know about him?" Hiruzen asks me.
"Mostly the basics. Ane-ue has mentioned things here and there."
"I see." He taps his pipe on the side of the desk before puffing out a cloud of smoke. "At the least, you should have full knowledge of the circumstances behind Sasuke's defection. Itachi has been in and out of the village a few times already, since the end of the invasion. Thus far, I am the only one who knows of these visits. He carried out the killings of the Uchiha Clan seven years ago in order to stop a coup against the Leaf. Sasuke has been on a mission to kill him and avenge the clan as one of the last known survivors. This is one of the reasons that he lusts for power."
"Were the killings on your orders?"
"No. Negotiations with the Uchiha were progressing, but suddenly failed. Itachi worked as a double agent, spying on the Uchiha and deciphering their plans for the benefit of the Leaf. Sasuke...protecting Sasuke was his final request before leaving the village forever as a missing-nin. He agreed to stop the coup, including killing his own parents...but only if Sasuke was able to live under our protection until the promised time."
"So you couldn't kill Sasuke even if you wanted to. Because of that promise." I sigh. "And Sasuke's goal is to kill that man, called a traitor to his family and his village...his older brother. How cruel..."
"Indeed."
"It's an unfortunate thing," I say. I wonder if I could bring myself to do such a thing. If I could be strong enough to avenge my loved ones, and live for that purpose from such a young age. I realize that I could, but the price would be incredibly high. I wouldn't have a self to speak of. Sasuke at least could bring himself to love others. "Even trash like him has experienced hardship."
"Lili..." Hiruzen takes a careful pause. "Is that how you truly feel about him?"
"If you would forgive me for speaking out of turn again...that is a question we both know the answer to, my lord. I will never forgive that garbage for what he's done to me, or to my loved ones," I say coldly. "It's not something subject to change or up for debate. I will treat him with the respect and dignity that every fellow of the Leaf deserves, but no more than that. He is unworthy of it."
"Hm. I see. I suppose that some grudges can never be erased. My apologies for agitating you."
"There's no need for that. It's fine, I...simply have those unchanging feelings within me. Rest assured, I will be at your call if you want me to help him along. But to say that those embers will never fade...'tis so, yes. Should I expect any trouble from Itachi?" I ask.
"It will depend on your intentions towards Sasuke. But...I would say to expect something from him soon enough."
"I understand. I will relay any messages he may have for you. Might you tell me about his current movements, my lord?"
"He currently works for a mysterious mercenary group, called Akatsuki."
"A dramatic name, to be sure."
"It seems so, yes. There is very little data on them thus far...Jiraiya is doing an investigation into their operations. He hasn't had much luck. According to Princess...rather, Empress Ryuuchi, Itachi arrived shortly after the invasion as a reminder of his existence."
"Yes. Ane-ue mentioned she spoke to him, but the information I received was limited," I say as I brush back some of my wild hair. "She has her reasons, as always."
"Yes, she does. I have no doubts that she has put a plan into motion already. Has she been well lately?"
"Very well. Simply busy as of late," I say as I cross my legs. "With Manda and Orochimaru gone, things are changing rapidly in her kingdom. It's for the best that she spends as much time there as possible, in order to properly oversee everything."
Hiruzen chuckles. "Yes, yes. Of course. With the way she treats me, I sometimes forget the scope of her personal work. I have also received word that she's engaged, so I'll have to make an appearance at the wedding, whenever it might be. Perhaps I'll have installed the Fifth by then."
"We can hope. There's something else I mean to ask about, also sensitive in a way."
"By all means," he says as he reloads his pipe.
"It's regarding Sasuke, and his connection to the organization called ROOT."
"Hm...yes, of course. That is something you should also be sharply aware of." He takes a long drag on his pipe before exhaling. "ROOT is also known as the Foundation. I ordered it disbanded several years ago, after the massacre of the Uchiha Clan. Orochimaru was also a part of it at one or more points before his betrayal of the Leaf. The group took on...rather still takes on unsavory missions on behalf of the Leaf. Kidnappings, murders, suppression of suspected radical elements, missing-nin...things that not even the ANBU are given to take care of. Danzo Shimura heads the group, and he works from the shadows. He truly believe that it is all for the benefit of the village...and he is also my most effective advisor in terms of military intelligence."
"Someone you can't just cut loose, then."
"He was supposed to take care of the darkness while I stayed in the light to lead the village. It seemed like the best possible arrangement at the time...the unfortunate part now is that I do not have any proof of ROOT's operations or even of their current existence. None of its members report to me unless so ordered, and I do not know who is part of ROOT or how many members it currently has. I simply know that they are all loyal to Danzo, and him alone. The training that ROOT members go through is brutal and inhuman. Children are taught how to kill their emotions completely, in order to become the ultimate weapons. 'The unseen ones who support the great tree of the Leaf from the depths of the earth'. It's what he said to me ahead of ROOT's founding, many years ago."
"You know him personally, then. As more than just comrades of the Leaf."
"We both had Lord Tobirama as our sensei. At one point, yes...we were good friends who talked for long hours about the future of the village. But he soon became obsessed with protecting the village by any means necessary. It was after Lord Tobirama declared me the Third that those feelings started to overflow from him. Danzo was the one that set in motion the events of the Uchiha massacre."
"What did he do, exactly?"
"He acted without my permission and forced Itachi into a corner. It was risking a civil war between the Uchiha and the Leaf, in which case every member would be slaughtered...or silently destroying the clan on his own, in which case he could save the person he cared for the most."
"Sasuke," I mutter. "That man put Sasuke above everything. Not just his life, but that of the village." It's...twisted. But for some reason, that part of it is resonating with me. What could someone do when faced with that sort of choice? A contemporary of the Third Hokage wouldn't be so easy to threaten or erase, and as the immediate successor of the clan, Itachi would know things that most wouldn't.
It's another one of those things that would have me labeled a psychotic monster, I suppose...but I do grasp those conflicting feelings. I wonder what that sort of person is like. Someone who would snuff out so many candles to save thousands upon thousands more. A person who performed admirably for his village, only to be called traitor and monster until his dying breath.
"Itachi saw no other option. He took on the mission before I could stop him. When he returned to give his report, I agreed to protect Sasuke, especially from Danzo, and to fabricate a cover story so that the honour of the Uchiha Clan could be safely preserved. Sasuke...still has a chance to revive his clan if he so chooses."
"I see. So Itachi manipulated Sasuke, as a punishment for his sins against the clan. He wants Sasuke to come after him with the intent to kill. Sasuke is restless...Orochimaru's temptations were too much to handle in that case, then," I conclude. I realize I also triggered him more than once. It's not something I will blame myself for, but it puts many things into perspective. "And now your fear is that he will turn to Danzo and ROOT to achieve his goals."
"Yes. If that happens, I will have failed Itachi. There will be nothing to do if he chooses to take retribution."
"There should be a way to give Sasuke the strength he craves. I could provoke him further, but he may just run away again in response. That's undesirable, obviously. He needs a mentor of some sort," I say. "Hm. Kakashi would be the best choice, seeing as they're the same type and he did learn that interesting jutsu within a month. But he's always short on time, it seems."
"The only solution to that is to allow Kakashi to work with Sasuke full time. But that would mean..."
"The end of Team Seven," I finish. "I want to believe in Naruto. I still do, but...some aspects of the situation are out of his reach. Lord Hokage, you really must consider your options at this time. Suspending Sasuke's involvement with his team for a while, at least until he can get a proper evaluation and regimen in place. It sounds extreme, but it's becoming a drastic situation. We have some time remaining to work on a proper plan. Sasuke won't be in combat condition for a while."
"Tsunade can work on a slowed recovery schedule in addition to all of that," he says.
"Good. Either way...if you don't want him falling to ROOT and Danzo, you have to do something."
"Yes. But what would be best?"
This really is a massive decision, and not one I planned on making when I came here today. With all of the information filtering through, it's critical that we figure what happens to Sasuke Uchiha for the near future. If we screw this up, everything will go to waste. The mission to bring him back, the killings of the Uchiha meant to save the Leaf from oblivion, possibly peace across this world of ours. Troublesome, but I have to solve this.
Alright, my options.
Letting things fall where they may is out. Danzo Shimura will without a doubt sink his hooks into Sasuke and pull him into ROOT. He'll be made into a machine with no emotion, a tool that exists only to kill and destroy. And likely sent after Itachi on some secret mission, to close the dark loop between Uchiha and the Leaf once and for all. Even if I despise Sasuke, I cannot allow that to happen, ever.
Splitting up Team Seven and leaving the members to their own devices. Sakura is working with Tsunade. Sasuke can be taken care of in isolation. But Naruto will suffer as a result. Team Seven needs to be together. They need to interact properly and start that course of healing, so that Sasuke and Sakura will want to stay with the Leaf of their own accord. Naruto losing his comrades again, just after they've come back...that would be a devastating blow.
Another mentor. But I'm coming up blank on anyone aside from Kakashi who would be best to look after him.
And the last option...I don't want to think about it, but it has to be considered. My conversation with Kakashi comes to mind. Villains treated as heroes, and heroes treated like ghosts. A painful outcome, to be sure.
"..."
But...shinobi are those who endure. And so, I will make this heavy decision with the best of intentions. It's no longer about what's fair in the eyes of the world.
"Before I make my proposal, a question or two," I say.
"Yes, of course. What do you need to know?"
"There's been mention of a contingency plan regarding Sasuke. How will that work, exactly?"
"Ah, yes. If Sasuke should defect again, or perform a criminal act that endangers the village, I have left up to three members of the village to decide his ultimate fate. He will be informed of this contingency, but not of the exact details. Naruto, Erika, and yourself will be mobilized to track him down and stop whatever acts he is committing, depending on who is in the village at the time."
"All three of us?"
"It will be more like...a sort of roulette system. Very much a gamble on his part, literally speaking. If Naruto is present, he will be able to talk him down first before fighting him if necessary. This is the least lethal option. The second level will be left to you, as I envision you sparing him no words and taking him into custody after battle. This is potentially more lethal, but carries a good chance of him returning alive. And the last would be Erika."
"She would kill him."
"Yes, if not ordered otherwise. It would depend entirely upon the time between notice and engagement, but...there is a very high chance that she will engage him as a threat to be eliminated as quickly as possible."
"Hm. It was fortuitous that they didn't cross into Sound Country, then. Erika...she would have slaughtered both Sasuke and Sakura if she came upon them. It would have been justified, too," I say. "Enemy combatants in the thick of battle, all of that."
"Mm." Hiruzen puffs on his pipe in thought.
"I'm sure that we would have caught them before that point, but the thought is troubling enough. We should do our best to make sure that she's not put into such a position in the future. Even if she would be quick to act, she wouldn't revel in cutting down a comrade."
"That much is true."
"So. I know that it will be troublesome, but...I believe that it would be best if Sasuke continued his training under you, Lord Hokage."
"An intriguing thought. Hmm..." He shifts in his chair, puffing away on his pipe in the silence. This will be an important decision on his end as well. As the Hokage, he has enough work, assignments, papers to sign, village management...a lot of things that contribute to the health of the village. Fitting Sasuke into his schedule might not be possible, or even wise.
There's also the other obvious part that's burning a hole in me right now.
This is terrible considering all that's happened. Sakura gets to train with one of the Sannin, and Sasuke with the God of Shinobi...after willingly betraying the village, nearly getting several of us killed, and trying to run off to an enemy country. That would burn anyone up, yes, but it hits me especially hard, and why wouldn't it? I was the one who led a team out to bring them back. I was the one who had to watch my friends cry and beg to have them brought back alive. I was the one who had to shove down every violent feeling in my head and focus on returning them to their homes. But I consider the weight of the Hokage's promise to Itachi, who threw away his entire life just to protect his little brother, to give him a chance to live where nobody else could, even if it's tied to a ridiculous, and at this point, unworkable plot to make him a heroic avenger. And I consider Naruto's feelings. Someone he called brother...family. I don't have the right to decide those bonds for him. If this works...it will be a great solution. I want it to work.
"I suppose this is the best way to keep Sasuke safe."
I let out a sigh of relief and nod. Good. We're on our way.
"But..."
"..." Concessions. Right, it only makes sense. I'm ready for those, whatever they might be.
"I will need something to help with the work that I'm sure to miss out on, as a result of time spent training and mentoring Sasuke."
"What is it?" I ask eagerly.
"It will have to be an aide, or two." His eyes dart away from mine. "Preferably women..."
I relax again and snort at him. "Yes, of course. Don't let your old age stop you..."
He grunts and tries to hide a small blush. "You of all people, lecturing me...anyways. If you could find me help of any kind, it would be appreciated. At least that way I won't have to put off any sessions with Sasuke, except for emergencies of course."
"Understood. That's more than reasonable, my lord. I'll start a search within the next day or two. Men are alright, aren't they?"
"Yes, very much fine."
"Alright. But you've come to the right young lady. I'll do my best to meet your needs, Lord Hokage," I say with a wink.
"Appreciated."
"Then I'll be on my way. I think I've taken up enough of your time for the day, and I don't want to be scolded too badly by Luna," I say as I get up. "Thank you for hearing me out, my lord. We'll definitely make this work, together." I smile and give him a deep bow.
"We certainly will. Thank you, Lili. Please, take care."
"Yes, I will. Take care, Lord Hokage." I leave the room and then the building altogether.
The stage is set. Sasuke's safety will be secured at last. Now...it's been a long enough day as is, so I really will go straight home and eat something. Within the next few days, I'll start on my search for the Hokage's new assistants.
"Miss Lili, there's a call for you!"
"Mmph." I wipe my mouth free of crumbs and set the sandwich down. "Coming."
Luna holds the phone out and I take it from her gently. "Lili Kobayashi speaking."
"Lili? It's me. You have time to slip out a bit?" Kurenai asks from the other end.
"I should. What's going on?"
"He got it, finally! Our guy got his promotion, they just finalized it and had the Hokage sign off."
"Really? Where are we meeting up?" I ask anxiously.
"We're gonna surprise him at his place. I just called Miss Kiko, and Asuma grabbed the docs for me from his old man. Hinata's on her way already."
"Nothing more needs to be said. I just have to make a quick stop, and I'll meet you over there."
"Got it. See you in a few."
"Ah, I have to go back out again...what a day, what a day," I say to myself. I walk back to the table and devour the rest of my sandwich before running off to get into some proper clothing. Nothing that will take too much time...a loose silk shirt and jeans will be fine.
"Miss Lili?"
"Oh, I'm so sorry, Luna. Shino just got his promotion approved!"
"How wonderful. He's worked so hard, hasn't he?"
"It's about damn time. What with his performance on the retrieval mission, and in the exams themselves...that is among the least of things this village could do for him after all that he's gone through. I'll have to pick something up at Yamanaka Flowers, though it won't be as elaborate as usual because of the timing..."
"It should be more than alright."
"You're right. I can't worry too much. Shino wouldn't want that, either. I'm off," I say as I kiss Luna on the cheek. "Sorry about the mess."
"Perfectly fine, milady. I'll see you soon."
"Thank you." I head out and jump to the bottom of the stairs, then take off quickly towards the flower shop. A bouquet of iris flowers is procured, and then I'm off again towards the Aburame District. Shino's home comes into sight, and Kiko waves to us from outside the front door.
"This is exciting, you know? Thanks for coming, all of you. The rest of the clan will know formally tomorrow, but I thought the idea of Shino's closest friends congratulating him first sounded so beautiful..."
"I have flowers here," I say.
"And cake here," Hina follows.
"Got the papers here," Kurenai says.
"It sounds like we're all ready. Tea is brewing inside, so...let's be quiet as we head in. Shino doesn't know what's going on yet."
We all nod and silently walk inside, not making a sound as all kunoichi are taught. The four of us gather around the table, where Hina sets down her cake beside the plate with slices of winter melon. Kiko nods and we nod back, standing together in the relative darkness.
"Shino? Can you come down for a moment? I have something I need help with."
"Coming, Mother." We hear him cross the upstairs hall and start down the stairs. "What did you need help with?"
"Just come over and have a look, honey."
"Understood." He steps into view, and Kiko flicks the lights on.
"Congratulations!"
"Huh...what?"
Kurenai smiles and places the scroll into his hands. "Open it up, hotshot."
"..." Shino unrolls the scroll and stands in place for a few minutes, not moving.
"Um...Shino? Are you okay?" Hina asks quietly.
"..."
"Do we have to hit him a few times before he starts working again?" I ask.
"Shino, honestly." Kiko sighs. "Say something to your friends, they're worried."
"You...came here for this?"
"What kind of question is that?" I ask. "You're our teammate. Our friend for life. Why wouldn't we come to see you after learning you've been promoted? God, you're annoying."
"Here we go," Kurenai groans.
"You have your mother and three gorgeous, vibrant young women crowding your kitchen, with pure smiles and cake and flowers, all congratulating you on your grand accomplishment, and all you have to say is 'oh, you're here for this'? Of course we're here for this!"
"I'm...I'm sorry."
"Don't be sorry. Don't be anything but happy, you difficult guy." I set my flowers on the table. "Come here. Come on!"
"Right. What is it, Boss?"
I kiss him on the forehead and hug him tightly.
"Shino...never forget how proud of you I am. How proud all of us are of you. You're amazing and helpful and courageous...and you are my friend. You are so much to me. You'll advance to even greater heights in time, but enjoy this moment."
I release myself and smile for him.
"Congratulations, Shino."
"Thank you, Lili."
"She's right, you know. You're stubborn, but we love you all the same." Hina smiles and hugs him, along with Kurenai.
"Oh...so beautiful..." Kiko is crying happily.
"Let's eat. I'm sure the wonder boy here is hungry," Kurenai says.
"I made Shino's favourite!" Kiko sets down a few bowls in front of us as we sit around the table. It's...wild salad? Well, it doesn't look half bad...
Kurenai mutters under her breath. "Between this and the whole winter melon thing..."
"..." Shino adjusts his glasses. "It seems you have some more tastes to discover, sensei."
"You could stand to not be such an ornery bitch sometimes," I say to her.
"Ah, shut up."
"I know that our guests might have some different tastes, so there's some fish here for you if you'd like it," Kiko says.
"Oh, that's good. Thank you. But this salad...it's not half bad, you know?"
"I really enjoy salad," Shino explains. "Why? Because of how refreshing and nourishing it is to the body."
"Can you feel your insides being cleansed, sensei?" I tease.
Kurenai gives Kiko an exasperated look. "You see what I have to deal with?"
"You bring it on yourself these days, sensei."
"You too, Hinata? Seriously..."
"This salad really is good," I say. "We should put it into our guidebook, as one of the team meals. Maybe add some wild nuts, a bit of meat if we can find it...if it's enough to fuel Shino, we should be alright, I think."
"Let's talk about you, Miss Super Elite."
"By all means, sensei. But wouldn't you want to focus more on Shino?"
"I need to know if those rumours are true," Kurenai says.
"I would like to know as well, Boss," Shino says in agreement.
"I feel the same," Hina says. Kiko is pretending not to listen in.
"That all depends on which rumours you're talking about," I say casually as I sip my tea.
"Okay. Let's start with this whole Hana thing-"
"I didn't do it."
"You don't know what it is I'm talking about."
"I know. I didn't do it."
"Yeah, okay...but Tsume keeps saying..."


Chapter 65
Scarlet Justice - ep. 65"Cool Breezes"
"Luna? Will you be needing me for anything presently?"
"No, I won't be."
"Thank you~" Ah, excellent. That means I have more than enough time to read through one of my new books. The one that I'm reaching for today is the unexpected spin-off title, Icha Icha Garden. The title doesn't give much away, and neither does the summary...'composed in a flash of inspiration by its prolific and talented author'. Hm. I wonder what got them going all of a sudden. The third book isn't out yet, so this really must have been a forceful sort of flash.
I lie back in my bed and get comfortable before turning to the first page.
"Hmm..."
Something is off from the start. I ignore the feeling and read on...but it comes back stronger than before. And then it continues, which only makes sense given the material that's in here. This...oh, my. It's something, alright. I can definitely see the author's usual inclinations, but there's a sort of trashiness to it that keeps drawing me in, further and further.
But the most important part of this is the basis for the material. The story has a woman as the main character, and she goes on to form a harem of beautiful girls. That woman...there's no mistaking it. That's me. The same hair, the same manner of speaking, the same attitude, imperfectly copied but copied all the same.
"I really can't believe this...though, it's possible that I'm biased here. Luna? Are you busy?"
"Not at all, Miss Lili. What do you need of me?" Luna appears and I slide into a sitting position on my bed. I pat the space beside me and she sits down.
"Have a look at the pages that I've marked. This is quite amusing."
"Icha Icha Garden...this is a new one, I suppose. Hm. You just need me to read these passages, then?"
"Yes."
"Alright." She reads silently and blinks a few times. "Oh. Oh my. That's certainly...Miss Lili, this is definitely you in this book. Are...you okay with this?"
I laugh softly. "There's nothing I can really do about it now. At this point...I might have to make the lies reality. You know that Ino and I were talking about this sort of thing the other day? Ah...I'm going to make sure I find the author and squeeze them dry for this," I say with a wry smile. "Whoever they might be..."
"Wait...this is me here."
"Yes."
"And...Midori, too."
"Mm-hm."
"These descriptions...certainly indulgent. Whoever this is knows a lot about a woman's body, at least on a surface level."
"The lover I have seems familiar in a few ways, too...she reminds me a bit of Naruto, but that's a reach, I think. Plenty of air-headed heroines in these book series to go around. They're usually blondes too, for whatever reason."
"Well...foreigners are seen as exotic, especially women."
"Mm. That much is true. I've noticed some of the attention I get around town, even at my age."
"An observation, Miss Lili. You have a way of carrying yourself like a more mature woman, so while it's not an excuse...in this sort of environment, you could pass for someone more mature, if on the petite side."
I think on that a moment. "That makes sense. I never really did think of it like that, even if I throw my weight around at times. I don't feel terribly different in those times that you mention, but it happens all the same. I'll keep it in mind for the future. Thank you, Luna."
"You're welcome, as always."
"It's a spicy read," I say as I take the book back from her. "Refreshingly trashy, tastefully lewd...and of course, having a female protagonist really does it for me."
"Of course," Luna says with a smile.
"I'll get you and Midori-nee copies the next time I head out."
"Thank you. It...did look like an interesting read."
"Something to get you in the mood, hm?"
Luna blushes. "Like I need any help with Midori around..."
"Oh, my."
"B-but...enough of that for the day. I'm sure that you would like to get back to your reading..."
"Goodbye, Luna. Try not to be too loud once you get back to your room."
"It would be nice if you could go one day, just one without...!"
I snicker and go back to my book.
"Hey, glad you could join us."
Asuma gently pats me on the shoulder as I reach him. I'm still officially off duty for now, but I wanted to go one of the jounin meetings and get up to speed. This is the first one since the invasion, and they're not called more than once a month in normal times. It's also not a requirement to go unless it's ordered by the Hokage, or there's an emergency situation in the village. This is because of overlapping mission times, required rest periods, and so on. But most people make an effort to come out anyways, both for social and logistical reasons.
I'm not very interested in drawing attention to my arm. Light sweaters help cover it a little, so I've chosen one for the day. Underneath it is a cute shirt that I picked up earlier. It's very glittery and spells out 'bad' in western cursive.
"Today's meeting should be good. They might be handing out medals or whatever, I dunno. The old man was light on details. Kurenai's inside already."
"Shall we, then?"
"Yeah." Asuma walks ahead of me and inside the building. It's not a terribly fancy place, but it looks less boring than the standby station. Who wants to sit there all day? There are too many things to do to sit around on a soft bench and look at plants for eight or ten hours a day. Though meditation does a body good, and it helps increase chakra levels...
The room we enter is fairly large, with soft carpet and plenty of cushions available for people to sit on. It's a pretty casual atmosphere, and the room is dressed up in reds and greens to evoke feelings of the village, and of the Land of Fire in general. We, after all, are among its most elite guardians.
"Hey, you guys finally made it in." Kurenai waves us over and we move a few cushions to sit near her. Kakashi is, as usual, by himself reading one of his favourite books. I wonder if he's read the spin-off book too.
"Yeah. Anything important coming up?" Asuma asks as he sits down. He lights up a cigarette, which is allowed here. Kurenai doesn't make too much of a fuss unless it's a special occasion, or they're going to be in the orbit of small children. Asuma apparently doesn't smoke while doing certain lessons or drills, and he doesn't do so when he's taking on a serious task. He seems laid back enough since I see him smoking all the time, then. Good for him.
"Nothing. There's a women's association meeting that they wanted Lili to be aware of."
"I wonder what they want with me all of a sudden."
"Are you really wondering?"
"Of course not," I say with a snort. "They can wait on me until the promised time. I'll have to speak with Luna and see what the situation there is..."
"She's not a part of it already?"
"Luna isn't a fan of the tension. Or the rigid sorts of routines they apparently have going on. The backbiting is a given, not the worst thing in the world, but a hassle she and I can easily live without. What about you, Kurenai?"
"Bunch of uptight princesses. Hard pass."
"I thought as much. There are things I have to deal with regarding Hyuuga as well..."
"You're not thinking about going after Hiashi, are you?"
"No, no. Nothing as foolish as that. I've learned a lot about him from outside sources...there are things that I would like to discuss, but I have control of the situation. I've acquired a cute little sister, you know."
"Little sister..." Kurenai thinks for a moment. "You mean Hanabi?"
"Yes. She's adorable, isn't she?"
"Really. I thought you'd want to murder her on sight."
"I thought the same at first, but...things have changed in the past while. She and Hina are closer than it seems. I plan to make use of my connection to her in the future. It won't just be that, since I do like her, but it's not right to waste an opportunity like that."
She shakes her head.
"Man. It's no wonder you got promoted so fast," Asuma says with a chuckle. "If you can change the Hyuuga, you'll be a legend no matter what you do. The ladies won't be able to keep their hands off you."
I smile at the thought. "Well. That sounds delightful enough."
"Good morning, good morning. I hope everyone is well today."
The Hokage walks in with Shikaku Nara trailing behind him. He sits on the elevated section near the back of the room, on top of a large and soft chair that has a back rest. Then he sets his hat down and cracks his neck. Shikaku sits to the right of him with a book in one of his hands. This feels like a much more relaxed type of meeting; the general meetings are more structured from what I remember, likely because we want to set a good example for the junior shinobi. This lot is trusted with enough important things that we can have more casual conversations.
Everyone moves from their small groups and forms into a bigger one with their cushions, sitting down and facing the Hokage as he looks through the scroll in his hands. He smokes from his pipe freely.
"First order of business should be...the commendations."
"Might as well do them with everyone else for solidarity's sake," a voice calls from behind me. Everyone sounds their agreement and the Hokage nods.
"Done, then. The ceremony will take place later in the month, so we will organize it to that end. We still have several of the point defence missions captained by chuunin. I mean to keep that in place for the next month or two. Any objections to that?"
Everyone indicates that they're okay with it, and the old man nods again while making notes.
"So noted. Next on the list is...national relations. Shikaku should have news regarding that."
"Yes, sir. We need to talk about what's happening with the Hidden Sand right now. They've offered some of their services to support us with the initiative against the Hidden Sound, and have been helping with the aftermath as much as they could so far. However, we do want to lock in new agreements and bring their spheres closer to our own. Not in the sense of a hostile takeover, but something that will make them more of a malleable ally in the future. We have a few areas of interest we want to look into, and naturally those will take the form of survey missions. So those will result in more secretive work and potentially higher threat levels..."
"Within Wind Country, yes?" I ask.
"We're thinking of many different places, especially when it comes to projects like gold extraction. Because of the Fourth Kazekage's influence in that sector, Sand has an interest in keeping themselves at or near the top of that list. There are also private influences we have to consider. I think you're aware of the Sugita Family, Lili?"
"I've heard those names before, yes. If they're contacting us, there must be an immediate problem they want fixed."
"That's very much it. We're looking into short term missions to help ease the current pressure on Sand, in exchange for certain resources and arrangements that we can use later. The details on those will be forthcoming, but I think we can start to discuss some of what is definitely going to happen right now, and over the course of the next few meetings," Shikaku says.
The discussion starts from there. There is some talk about trying to not trigger the other nations into reacting to these new developments, especially the Hidden Cloud which has been aggressively gathering arms for an age now. Channels are being closely monitored according to Shikaku and Inoichi. It's not going to prevent us from being aggressive as the Cloud's sabre-rattling has remained such. Their gamble to try and kidnap Hinata under cover of darkness is remembered as if it took place no more than a day ago, and contributes to some of the current political climate between the two villages. It seems that my upcoming mission to find the Hokage new aides will take on a new level of importance, then.
Decisions regarding the Hidden Sound are being made on the upper levels. Some security missions will need to be run in the next while, and jounin leading platoons of chuunin and genin will do. The situation also provides an opportunity for chuunin to cut their teeth in the field with the benefit of lower risk levels. There will be an opportunity for people to request missions first based on seniority, then the remaining spots will be filled by everyone else. In the case that there are open spots, people will be randomly selected to fill them. The distance away from home means that some of these will be lengthy tours; I expect only a few of the jounin to take them, with the remaining spots being filled by special jounin and senior chuunin.
There are smaller updates, like our trade route management, interactions with government officials, supply chains, and so on. Everything is stable for now, and it's thanks to our efforts against the invaders. Limiting the damage to important buildings, reducing casualties, and establishing dominance helped a lot. Most important was the fact that the old man ended up taking care of the problem himself, a boost to his reputation and that of the village's that will be felt for a long while. The God of Shinobi was still active enough in his age, and a potent force when it came to the balance between the Five Powers. General questions follow. Shikaku is making promises to improve the quality of life for jounin, including incremental pay raises and bonuses for certain mission types. Public reports are scanned, as well as complaints. We go over these and review proper conduct as well as the correct ways to handle these scenarios in the future, if they were mishandled.
"The frequency of these meetings may change, depending on what happens in the next few weeks," Hiruzen says. "We may have a longer gap until the next one. You will be informed in the usual manner, of course. Thank you for your time. A copy of the minutes will be sent by mail, and as always you can see Shikaku if you have any further questions. Please, enjoy the rest of your day."
Everyone stands and bows towards the Hokage before putting away their cushions and dispersing. There are a few of the clan heads here, but not all of them. I'm assuming the Hyuuga that were here will report the important information to Hiashi in person. Choza and Inoichi were present, though that's expected since Shikaku was here in his capacity as Jounin Commander. I make a mental note to call Emi about her dealings with the Sugita Family in Sand...and about what's happening to Kobayashi Rice in Sound Country. I don't expect anything dramatic to go on, but there has definitely been some sort of impact on the family business with the nearest hidden village gone.
"Good afternoon to you all."
I raise my head to see Erika approach our little group and bow politely. She's as calm and composed as ever. Her outfit is interesting, though. Today she wears a flat black choker around her neck, and a relatively normal looking outfit consisting of a shirt and jeans. Her hair is the same puffy consistency as before.
"Afternoon, Erika. Hope you've been resting up," Asuma says.
"I have been, Lord Asuma. Thank you for worrying about me."
"Hey, remember what I said. Just Asuma is fine, alright? My old man is the one who should be addressed all formal-like."
"Yeah, we don't want his ego to swell up too much," Kurenai says with a smile.
"Oi..."
"Miss Kurenai, it's nice to see you as well."
"Likewise. Did you need something from us, Erika?"
"If I'm not intruding...I would like to speak to Lilith for a while. It wouldn't be anything serious, or invasive with regards to privacy. If the three of you are busy, I can ask at another time."
Asuma and Kurenai look at each other for a moment, then at me.
"It's fine," I say. "I wanted to have a chat with Erika myself. This way, you two can enjoy some alcohol without worrying about minors."
"Thoughtful of you," Kurenai says. "We'll find some time to hang out later in the week, then. Sound good?"
"Very much so. We'll see you two later. And remember, don't get too frisky in public."
"You know, you've got a big mouth on you-"
"C'mon, Kurenai. Lili, Erika, we'll see you kids later." Asuma shakes his head and chuckles as he leads Kurenai by the shoulder. They start arguing in their usual manner before disappearing down the road.
"Thank you for accommodating me," Erika says.
"It's among the least of things I can do. Now, did you have somewhere you wanted to go?"
"There's a place nearby that sells western hamburgers. They were quite delicious the last time I went."
"Excellent. I am a bit hungry, and meat does sound nice today. Shall we?"
"Yes." We head a few blocks away from the meeting hall and towards a side street with a few restaurants spaced out evenly. Most serve local fare, except for the one that stands out immediately with its signage. I remember that these tubes are filled with gases that react to electricity, or something like that. In any case, it's a striking display; the lights bend and curve around the windows and above the entrance, making twisting shapes and forming into letters like the ones that say 'open' and the numbers that indicate the business hours. The inside isn't as flashy, but manages to be captivating with how clean, neat, and bright everything is. Leather seating and sparkling table tops.
Erika slides into one side of the booth that we've picked, and I sit across from her. A cute waitress in a hoop skirt comes to serve us, and I pick a soda and milkshake to drink. Erika gets the same and she thanks us before scooting off.
"So. Was there something specific you wanted to talk to me about?" I ask her.
"Nothing like that. I hope that it's not an issue."
"No, no. Not at all. I was simply wondering. Asuma mentioned something about you resting, have you been well since your last mission?"
"There was a bit of soreness. The opponents were somewhat difficult to approach, and some had to be taken out with lethal strikes. The mission was successful however, and a remote base was established after all threats were cleared from the area."
"Ah. We spoke about staffing for that section earlier at the meeting."
"Did the jounin meeting go well? I planned to attend, but had other work to take care of. Lord Hokage sends me the minutes from each meeting so that I can be properly prepared."
"It did go well. It was quite relaxing, actually. I could easily attend them at a rate of once per month. Just the usual updates on the village, and a push for mission aid to the Hidden Sand. They're in a precarious position these days."
"I have heard as much." The waitress comes back with our drinks and asks us for our meal orders. Erika orders for us both - a bacon cheeseburger and curly fries. That sounds quite good. I sip at my milkshake and sigh with satisfaction.
"Very good. I'll be sure to return to this place. The aesthetic is pleasing in many ways."
"I assume you're not referring to the decor alone," Erika says flatly.
"I would be remiss to see the beauty of the human element and pay it no mind. The dining experience is never hurt by a pretty face, you know."
"I agree with you."
"You've always seemed the agreeable sort." I give Erika my attention. "Shall we get to know each other better? I'm sure you have questions for me."
"I do. I...fear that they might be awkwardly formatted," she says evenly.
"I have no reason to judge you, darling. Ask away."
"Yes." She sips at her soda briefly. "These are related to current events."
"I see. Please, go on."
"The problem with Sasuke Uchiha...his ambitions and other related items. Have you come upon a solution to that as of yet?"
"Mm...more or less. There's work being done for Lord Hokage within the next few days that will take care of that."
"What kind of work?"
"Selecting special aides for him. I want to find women of exemplary talent and potential to be at his side. He does need to be pushed around from time to time, and both of us are too busy to do so regularly. Isn't that right?"
"It is. You are very perceptive, Lilith."
"Hm. I try," I say with a smile.
"I am pleased to hear these things...even as much as I am annoyed by his actions, I would rather not cut down that boy unless it was strictly necessary. Situations like that have many hidden complexities."
"Indeed."
"Has that contingency been discussed?"
"Yes, it has been. I can accept that much...I have my doubts that once he's told, he will try to test it without substantial help."
"Lord Shimura's elements?"
"I could only assume so."
"Hm. What if you and I..."
"Came to meet with Sasuke at the same time in one of these situations?"
"Yes."
"I would try to stop you, of course. I wouldn't consider fighting...but it would be worth trying to change your mind."
"I think you could be persuasive enough to stay my hand, Lilith."
"You think so? Very flattering, I must say."
"Oh. Thank you." She puts her head down and blushes for a moment before composing herself. "Sasuke...you strive to protect him for the sake of Naruto Uzumaki, isn't that correct?"
"It is."
"Do you...love him?"
"Very much."
"I see. Love...it can make people do extraordinary things. Even more extraordinary than thought possible. It would seem abstract to most people...the kind of love that makes you do things for others, and love people without wanting to take from them. The sort of relationship that is lovely and pure. I greatly admire something like that." She pauses a while before sipping at her milkshake. "Do you have siblings?"
"Well, not by blood. But I love them more than anything. I have four sisters now, and another sibling on the way."
"Four..."
"Yes. Ane-ue, Luna, Hina, and Hanabi."
"I see. You've created a family with your unwavering spirit, and those strong bonds forged with pure love and affection. It sounds beautiful."
"It is, very much so."
"I want to show you something. Is it okay?"
"Yes, but I should be asking you that."
"I simply didn't want to impose." Erika reaches into one of her pockets and takes out a small card. She traces a seal on it, and then in a small puff of smoke, a stack of photos appears. She spreads them out on the table in front of us. "These are my most treasured people. My mother and sister."
"Oh..." I pick up one of the photos. There's a woman with a slender figure, wearing a long and colourful dress. There are two snow white ears on top of her head, the same colour as her long hair, and she has cat-like brown eyes. Her long tail is wrapped around the girl sitting in her lap, a small and cute darling who has feathery hair like ivory, and is wearing a dress with all the colours of the rainbow. Her eyes are the same as Erika's. "Might you tell me their names?"
"My mother is named Tomoyo. My sister is named Frederica."
"Your little sister is adorable. And your mother is gorgeous. Little wonder you've turned out to be such a beauty."
"Your compliments are much appreciated," Erika says with a smile. "And I hoped you would say that about my mother."
"Mm. Even things like wishing I were born a few years earlier so that I could court her?"
"Things like those, yes. It's high praise coming from someone as refined as yourself."
"You do stroke my ego nicely," I say, laughing lightly. "I didn't expect you to be so charming, Erika. Life's surprises are lovely like that." I pick up another one of the photos and look at it. "They send you pictures often, then."
"Small packages, often with snacks and little trinkets. Sometimes there's clothing of various types, as my mother sews and my younger sister is learning quickly from her. My favourites are the little bracelets that lock together once you arrange them correctly. They've sent them the past few months..."
"That's so beautiful. I love seeing things like this. Family is important, and such a beautiful thing."
"It is."
Our meals arrive and we pause our conversation to receive them. The aromas are delightful, and I savour the first bite of my cheeseburger. Oh, it's so decadent. I can't get enough.
"Mm-hm...these are superb flavours. My sincere compliments to the chef, not many can cook this well. I will definitely find my way back here," I say as I wipe my mouth with a napkin. Taking a sip of soda afterwards, it just feels like these two things are meant to go together, as if it were the will of the universe. So refreshing. This really might become a habit.
"It really is good." Erika seems relaxed enough while she eats, though one can't tell immediately from looking at her face. We decide to finish off our burgers before continuing our conversation.
"Ah. That's good. So it looked like you had something else on your mind, before we started eating," I say as I take another sip of soda.
"You forged a new family while here in the Leaf. If it's not too much to ask...what became of your old one?" Erika asks me.
"Well...my father doesn't think much of my career choice, and was hardly present anyways even when I was spending time at home, within the mansion. His name is Leonidas. The type of man who marries into the wife's family and works his way into their good graces, somehow. That's how he got control of Kobayashi Rice."
"The CEO."
"Yes."
"And your mother...you're separated from her?"
"She passed away a few years ago. Five or so now."
"I'm sorry for your loss," Erika says quietly. "It's always hard to lose a parent...to overcome that kind of pain. My father died a long time ago as well. It was what triggered my initial move to Leaf. Frei...she couldn't handle the climate, or something here, and so Mom decided it was best to go back. But I was growing up well here. I wouldn't have minded if she took me with her...but she wanted the best for me. She still does, and always will. This is a place that accepts people like me, and it would have accepted someone like her if she could stay. If Frei gets healthy enough, they might re-settle after all. It would just take a letter to the Hokage to get everything started."
"I'm sure you're looking forward to that."
She nods. "Very much so. My father's name was unusual, even for the area. It was Griffin. Mom said everyone called him Griff instead. I suppose...you can get a sense of his personality from the sound of his name. Rough and masculine. He was a good shinobi. He worked hard, he was respected by others...for the most part, I mean to say."
"Your mother's heritage was a point of contention."
"Yes. He was fatally wounded on a certain mission that I don't have the details of. My mother hasn't been told much either, even after all of these years. The mission was completed, but we as a family saw none of the benefits of it. My father's presence had shielded us from discrimination and harm, and once it disappeared...it became very hard to live in the Hidden Cloud. Life became difficult. My mother did her best for us."
"I'm sorry to hear that. Things like that are so unfair, and yet..." I sigh.
"What about your mother? What was she like?"
"Her name was Caroline. Caroline Rothschild. This hair of mine that I'm so proud of now came directly from her. She was certainly a eccentric sort of woman, filled with energy and wisdom." I smile at the memory of her. "Even now, I remember her so vividly. Like...I can reach out and touch her if I try hard enough, even if it's far from the truth. My father gave me my name, but my mother was the one that named me."
Erika nods in understanding. "I see. She gave you many things in the short time that you were together."
"She did. I..." I pause a moment. "I was there when she passed. We were together in her bed, and I watched her leave this world. A month earlier, she had become very sick. Those memories are...fuzzy, I think. As if there's something I'm meant to remember within them. But she was strong and brave. She fought until she could fight no more."
"I...see. That sort of memory..."
"It's something that I will carry with me forever. But I can sense your concern, Erika. I'm very much fine."
"If you're sure. I...understand that I have a certain disposition. But if you have need of me, I am always available if you choose to call. It's the least that could be done for someone so heroic."
"Thank you, Erika. I extend the same offer to you. And so you know, I don't mind your disposition at all. I think it's interesting."
"Is that so?"
"'Tis so. Besides, there's lots of appeal there. A beautiful young woman with a cool, unhurried look to her. Like an exquisite painting, or an elaborately crafted sculpture. Works of art, undisturbed by the noise or elements around them."
"Hm."
"Plus...it's even more delightful when you do show off those rare flashes of emotion. Like precious treasures meant for one person alone."
"I had not considered that sort of thing. I wonder if it's...an acquired taste of sorts."
"Perhaps." I finish my soda. "Is there someone on your mind?"
"Someone...I would like to be friends with. I think that I'm interested in that sort of thing. I don't want to say who it is, exactly. But you know this person well."
I nod. "That person might have an interest in you as well. You do carry that mysterious aura about you, you know. A simple approach will work best. You can also bond over work within the village itself."
"I see. Thank you for your advice."
"Of course. Ask as many questions of me as you desire."
"I will try not to impose, but thank you for the offer." A pause. "If it's not too much trouble-"
"It's not, Erika. Please, don't worry about such things while we're here," I say with a smile. "You know of me already. If I found you a bother, then I would have made an excuse to leave, as a lady of my stature does."
"I see."
"Far from asking you to transform into a wild creature with no filter when we meet, I want you to feel comfortable."
"Yes. I find that I am...an awkward person of sorts in these times. When I thank you for accommodating me, I really do mean it. It's very nice to talk to someone like this, and not have it end up as a prelude to work-related discussion. It is simply something I'm not very used to."
"In your own time, and at your own pace. Rest assured, you are a wonderful companion, and will only become more so in time."
"Thank you." She smiles that cute, subdued little smile of hers. I can see why Ino is so interested, even if she's set on denying it at this stage. "I wanted to hear about the mission from you, Lilith. Hearing about your condition and that of Sasuke...I could only wonder about the battle that took place between you."
"Easily done." I bite into one of the curly fries and nod. Not bad at all. "Would you like to hear about everything from the beginning?"
"Yes, please."
"Very well. So, we started our discussion with the formation that we were going to use in pursuit," I say to her. "As you know, there were precautions that had to be taken, considering the breakdowns of the enemy's abilities, potential movement speed, so on and so forth."
"Yes, of course. In those cases there are two viable options when considering formation."
"That's right. Shikamaru and I came to that same conclusion. We chose the single line formation and optimized it using the information we had on hand. Fortunately for us, our group had such great flexibility that..."


Chapter 66
Scarlet Justice - ep. 66"Windows"
"He just needs another good off-speed pitch, and he'll be set."
"What're you thinking? Slider?"
"Yeah, slider sounds good. Then you can just slam the heater in once you get ahead, know what I mean?"
Intelligence is lively today, mostly because of all the unfamiliar faces floating about. Ibiki did however say that this was a good day to talk about the findings from earlier investigations, in particular those to do with Sasuke and Sakura. The reasoning for running away from the village, the planning, the motivations...at the least, I'll be able to get a glimpse of what was going on inside of their heads. It won't make me forgive them for what they did. But that understanding is important to me all the same.
"Hey, good timing. You alright today?" Ibiki meets me in the middle of the lobby and shakes my hand warmly, as always. He's dressed in his usual black outfit, which makes him look sharp and intimidating when paired with the bandana and facial scars. My outfit today is plain enough, a comfortable tracksuit in powder blue.
"I'm the same as the last time, very much fine."
"Good stuff. Inoichi is taking care of some paperwork, he's gonna meet us in another minute or two. I picked a local coffee spot, one of those smaller places. Owner and I have a good relationship and we use it for a lot of operations as a result. Great place to talk about whatever we want."
"That sounds lovely."
"There are those drinks from the west, too. What was that one...espresso, I think? Like an elephant's foot to the face, I'll tell you. I didn't think it would be anything as a shinobi, even with that 'optimal blend' for folks like us. Ended up bouncing off the walls for a week," he says with a laugh. "We'll be getting the regular stuff today, though I could use a jolt."
"I take it there's been much in the way of interference," I say pointedly.
"Say that twice. We're still not done processing all of the POWs from the invasion, and then all of this additional stuff from the Hidden Sound operations and the retrieval mission. Just piling on lately, really. Nothing we can't handle, but...you know."
"Perfectly understandable. These have been trying times for everyone."
"You especially," Inoichi says as he arrives. "That arm okay?"
"It's fine, sir. Thank you for asking."
"We can be a bit more familiar than that, can't we?" he asks with a smile. "Seriously, it's fine. And I want to thank you for looking after Ino. She talks about you a lot, as I'm sure you know, but you're one of the few really close and trustworthy friends she has."
"Is that so?"
"Hard to believe, right?" The three of us start walking out of the building. "Ino has a lot of friends and people she knows, but it's not often that she can confide in anyone the way I'm sure she does to you."
"I feel much the same way. Ino is very special to me."
"I heard you came over the other day, it's too bad I missed you."
"Must have stopped by before giving the old man hell," Ibiki laughs.
"I don't want to know what you were thinking," Inoichi says, shaking his head.
"I apologize for having less restraint than most," I say with a touch of dryness. "That should be something that comes easier with age."
"I doubt that."
"I do too, but it's always nice to think positively."
"It's little wonder you're so polarizing, Lilith."
"If we're being familiar, Lili is fine, Inoichi."
"Lili it is."
"You're a real breath of fresh air, as I'm sure you know," Ibiki says. "Only thing small about you is your height."
"The inner workings of the shinobi world aren't exactly as I imagined them to be at the start," I say as we walk the streets of the Leaf. "It's more...personal than I was expecting. Filled with all sorts of things that overlap from time to time."
"You were expecting more structure?" Inoichi asks.
"Mm...something like that. I suppose more of a rigid sort of affair. More secrecy, if that makes sense. But this time has taught me a lot, and it does make sense that some relationships are more intimate because of the dangers involved. Life and death, those sorts of risks that can end a life and alter others forever. Popular perception is different..."
"It is heavy," Ibiki says. "Part of it is the fact that you're dealing with all of this since childhood, so you find ways to cope with everything. They might not be healthy, but you don't really get to be selective in your methods. Other than that, I mean...military life is the same as it's always been. You eat, sleep, and breathe with a bunch of guys and girls that might disappear if something goes wrong. It's the human condition. You fight hard for those that you come to care about. You do a lot of things, make a lot of decisions that most people won't ever have to make. Heaven forbid they do, because it means we've all failed in that instance."
"It's a heavy ask, to be sure. As much as I'm used to it and can't really imagine anything else...I don't know. Things should be different. Maybe they could be," Inoichi says.
"I very much believe it could be the case," I say. "Ane-ue has put her time into the creation of a new world for the people she watches over. It will take some time, but...I believe it will come to pass. And I could take some of those lessons and apply them here, in my own way."
"As Hokage, you mean?" Inoichi asks.
"That's not a necessity...and beyond that, there are certain things that I wouldn't be able to do as Hokage, if you understand my meaning."
"Yes, that's right. Private citizens and even high ranking shinobi have the freedom to move as they please. It's an interesting dynamic at play."
"Being one of the most powerful people in the world means you're stuck in a cage. Yeah, there's a sort of irony in that," Ibiki says. "Not that I'm exactly crying for the Five Kage. I feel a bit sorry for the Fourth Kazekage, though. Poor bastard got offed in the prime of his life, after busting his ass trying to save his village from oblivion."
"It is indeed a sad thing," I say. "I have to wonder how it must have felt...knowing that the many things he did were all for naught in the end. His son, made into the village's greatest weapon, and reduced to splinters in front of the world..."
"You make it sound like you had nothing to do with it," Ibiki says.
I shrug. "If not me, it would have been someone else. He should praise heaven in his heart for that sort of controlled experience, and for the wisdom dispensed in my moments of clarity."
"Piece of work, this one."
"What he said," Inoichi says, smiling.
"Just a piece? Surely, I must be an entire cake," I say, smiling back.
We make our way to the middle of the village and stop at the place mentioned earlier, a small, plain-looking cafe. It has an outdoor patio that fits two tables with two chairs each positioned around them. Ibiki pulls up an extra chair as Inoichi and I sit, and the cafe owner comes out to greet us.
"Good morning to you all. It's not terribly busy today, so I can tend to you three," she says. Her brown hair is tied back into a round bun, strands of hair poking out of it. She looks kind and mature, a plain wedding band on her finger shining in the morning light.
"Got some good sandwiches here," Ibiki says. "Actually, I'll order us a few and take care of it when we're done. Get the, uh...the thin beef ones, you remember what I mean."
"Right. Three of those, coming up. They're not too heavy. Sorry, I should introduce myself properly. My name is Mai, and I've known Ibiki for a while now. He's a pretty faithful regular."
"Ah, hard not to be."
"And of course, very flattering whenever he does come around. I'll make sure traffic is kept low for the duration of your stay."
"You don't want us to move inside?" I ask.
"I have another person in today. The last chair will have to go inside since the patio will be closed. Anything to drink?"
"We said we were gonna try your coffee today. One and one for me," Ibiki says to Mai.
"Two and two," Inoichi says.
"Three over two," I say.
"Excellent. Anything else?" Mai asks.
"A bottle of milk, please," I say to her.
"Got it. Skim, one, two, or whole?"
"Two today."
"Thank you very much. I'll be back with your drinks and sandwiches in a little while." Mai nods and pushes the other table into a corner before taking the last chair inside with her.
"Very sharp," I comment as she leaves. "And beautiful, as a bonus."
"Like I said earlier, there are a couple of reasons I frequent this place. Mai's a patriot...not one of those fanatic, give everything for your village and country types, but a patriot all the same. She does whatever she can for the sake of the village and makes some damn good food while she's at it."
"Do you think she would get out of the business?" I ask.
"It'd have to be a big project. The money wouldn't be the biggest sticking point, as long as it's something that benefits the Leaf."
"Mm. I'll have to keep that in mind for later. So...let's talk about recent events. You two said that you had productive discussions with our intrepid explorers a few days earlier."
"We doubled up. Did traditional interrogation first, then set up the mind scans," Ibiki says as he leans back in his chair. "Nothing too difficult. Sasuke was on the quiet side, but he knew where he stood and cooperated. Sakura, not one issue. Sang like she was lead soprano at the opera house. I figure they felt they had no choice, but I was expecting a bit of defiance there. Some indication that they thought they were right to leave, but there really wasn't anything like that there. Just acceptance, an understanding of their positions. As for details...did you want to take it, Inoichi?"
"You can start."
"Alright. So, it really did start during the invasion, all of this...mess," Ibiki says with a lazy gesture. "Sound goons really got into Sasuke's head. He and Sakura considered their words, that he wasn't getting any stronger while in the village and that the best path to power was leaving the village. At this point, Orochimaru's dead. The Sound Four, as he knew them at the time, claimed they had a method to immediately increase Sasuke's strength. They were light on details, naturally. The kids started thinking about it."
"Any thoughts as to it being a bad idea?"
"Oh, yeah. Plenty."
"I take it that Sakura got herself pulled in as a result, and started working on mitigating the potential damage instead of going against Sasuke and possibly getting left behind."
"You see this kid?" Ibiki says with a smile.
"You really should work at Intelligence. Seriously, I'll petition the Hokage on your behalf," Inoichi says.
"I pitched it a few times already, but she's comfortable in the field. Lili's got that sort of firepower that needs to be let off pretty often, know what I mean?"
"That does make it harder, yes. And we couldn't take one of our aces off the front lines, not in a time like this. Or any other time, considering that sort of talent."
"Are you two purposely swelling my ego up? So that you can find a way to pop it like a balloon later?" I ask playfully. "But honestly, I may very well take on a permanent role once my physical strength declines. In the meantime, please call on me whenever you might need me."
"We'll take you up on that. So, we were...at the point where the village was recovering from the invasion, we did a mind scan on Sasuke and found the stuff we talked about earlier. Got the descriptions and some of the abilities of the Sound guys. Not much, though. They clearly held back and it was smart on their part. Kid didn't do too hot, started thinking about where he was in life."
"There were plans made after that, in the invasion aftermath. Things you had to piece together, bit by bit," Inoichi says. "He and Sakura started to assess the village's situation. She was more nervous about him when it came to what they were about to do, but they were both unsure until they saw that a lot of the village elites would be away due to missions and the like. Sakura started to make observations and helped Sasuke settle into the idea. He wouldn't say it, but she did."
"Interesting," I reply. "It seems their co-dependence really did run deep for a long while. I had my suspicions, but..."
"Sorry to interrupt. I have everyone's orders here," Mai says as she returns with a large tray. We get our coffee and sandwiches, along with the bottle of milk for me. She silently leaves and we continue our conversation while sipping coffee. It's quite good, to say the least.
"Ah, that's the stuff. Nothing like some good joe in the morning," Ibiki says.
"To continue...yes, Sasuke and Sakura did pull each other along when it came to this plan," Inoichi continues. "We didn't see much of anything to indicate a defection, and even if we did, it would mean sacrificing valuable manpower to look over a genin on a hunch. A valuable genin, but with the village as it was..."
"That all makes sense. I don't know if it would have been enough, anyways," I say. "There was a certain determination on the part of those Sound shinobi that made a lot of things difficult in the end."
"Something like that. Sakura did a lot of the heavy lifting, taking it upon herself to find the right time to set out for both of them. Someone impulsive would try to mask their movements with those of the outgoing strike forces. Someone a little bit smarter..."
"Would use the small gap before then, when everyone was rushing to prepare for those large missions," I finish.
"Pinching our resources as thin as possible. There was a calculation on both their parts, that if anyone was sent after them, they would be unfamiliar types focused on completing the mission, and with certain profiles on them as a result," Ibiki explains. "There was a specific mindset, something they would use to better engage their enemy, maybe even shake them off without having to really do anything drastic. But they were prepared to commit crimes against their fellow shinobi, if they had to."
I sip at my coffee and turn to Inoichi, with Ibiki starting on his sandwich. "So they prepared, and started off in the night...Ino was an unexpected arrival, of course. They didn't know what had happened to her once they started to leave. What led to all of that? What exactly happened?"
"Well, this is the part where it gets really messy. Sasuke...wanted to leave Sakura behind. It was in his head the entire time. Sakura meanwhile was scheming to make Sasuke take her with him. Those were sort of competing threads until a new wrinkle appeared the night of."
"New wrinkle?"
"That kid with white hair, called Kimimaro Kaguya. You were the one that took him down, from what the reports say."
"That is true, yes."
"He's a bit later in, when they're leaving the village proper," Ibiki says in between bites. "The other goons were applying their own pressure, though."
"Yes, Sasuke got caught with Sakura before he could convince her to go away, because of the time they spent arguing with Ino," Inoichi explains. "Even as he was kicking himself for not acting sooner, he sold Sakura's skill to the Sound Four and leveraged her ability to perform some advanced first aid so that his escorts wouldn't see her as a complete liability."
"Even the Devil shows sympathy in the worst of times," I say.
"Cold." Ibiki sips at his coffee. "Not that I blame you for any of it."
"Those implicit threats were reinforced later by that Kimimaro fellow, but...the four already there made an excuse that they had to check their exit point, and lied about whose blood they spilled when they came back from beating Ino senseless. The animals ended up leaving after that with Sasuke and Sakura," Inoichi says, a little bitterly. But that only makes sense after having to think about what that trash did to his daughter.
"So Sakura was effectively a hostage. That means there's some truth to that kidnapping cover story, I suppose. There's other relevant analysis, I'm sure," I say.
"Yeah. Start on your sandwiches, they're best when fresh," Ibiki instructs.
I do so, biting into my meal. Wonderful textures all around. Crisp vegetables and bread, with a delightfully creamy mayonnaise that helps bring out the flavour of the meat. This sort of thing...olive, or olive oil, maybe? Either way, it's very good. Little wonder Ibiki loves this place so much.
"The wonder twins there actually had a plan. Long term thing," Ibiki starts. "Orochimaru's dead, so the primary architect is gone, out of the picture. That's a temporary problem for the most part. The plan was to break out, get some extra power from Orochimaru's goons since they guaranteed a way. Flexed their curse powers from what we saw of those two's memories. It was temporary death, they said. Some ritual that would increase the power and control that Sasuke had over his curse mark. Put him in a big barrel until he was ready after feeding him a pill, something they called a 'mind awakening' pill. Sasuke took it and they sealed him up nice and tight. So the plan was to gain power on the way up north with his escorts leading. The group would make it safely to the Sound, rest and regroup, then organize a suicide squad to go back to the Leaf, sneak in through the barrier again, and bust out Kabuto. Bit of a dispute over whether that Kimimaro kid could go and do it himself."
"He may have pushed for it, being on borrowed time," I say after wiping my mouth with a napkin.
"I was getting that impression myself, like he was in a real rush even if he looked perfectly calm and fine otherwise. He was really on his last legs when you fought him, according to what Sakura said. Didn't show up at the invasion because he was too sick; originally he was one of Orochimaru's favourites, but they couldn't figure out what was wrong with him. So he was kept alive mainly for studies and the like. Anyways...after getting Kabuto back, they'd use his knowledge to continue what Orochimaru had started. Sakura would learn some useful stuff while there, and Sasuke would train to get stronger in his own way. Did their usual thing of convincing each other that it was fine and okay, and just the right thing to do at that point."
"Were they thinking of running off?"
"At some point. It would have been when Sasuke felt the time was right, and they'd just take off into another country, work as mercs with their skills and traipse around for a while picking up information related to their final goal."
"Killing Itachi Uchiha."
"Yeah. They were also discussing trying to get back into the Leaf, using information they picked up in the Sound as a bargaining chip. Maybe once things cooled down a little."
"Not a very sound plan, but it was to be expected. So they were going to make an attempt to use the Hidden Sound's resources before abandoning them, and then travelling to parts unknown."
"It's definitely complicated on all sides."
"I'm not sure what to think, even now. I know a lot from before...I understand that Sasuke has his own trauma and complexes to deal with, that make these decisions so much harder than they should be. And Sakura, in her honest attempt to help him, only made things worse. The only real decision would be to walk away from Orochimaru's promises at the start." I sigh. "But if it were that easy to do, Sasuke probably wouldn't have been a target in the first place."
"How does knowing all of this make you feel?" Inoichi asks.
"It doesn't make me feel any different. I still hate them both for what they did. Something, anything aside from that sort of betrayal would have been easier to forgive. I can understand the pain that kept spurring them forward, but I don't feel any extra sympathy. There's no sudden burst of kindness, nothing to soften me towards them on a personal level. I had a hope that maybe something would change when I heard about their plans, that seeing it from different angles would reach me in some small way. But...nothing. So much risk for these people, and there's nothing. It isn't anger, or relief, or any sort of notable emotion. These are just more notes and pictures and bits of string pinned to the cork board."
"I see."
"It's not normal, is it?"
"I wouldn't know. But you're not a normal sort of person, Lili."
"I know that much, but...sometimes it feels unpleasant, being so out of step in this world. You want to do your best. That means trying to connect with the people and the procedures they follow. Things like that. It's not a matter of functioning or not functioning. Nothing so binary as that. But there are things that I want to accomplish, eventually. Being a quirky, queer little thing is fine enough, but it's not a cure-all. It's not a substitute for interaction with the wider world."
"Ino tells me that you can get very deep when you want to. I see what she's talking about now."
I shrug and sip at my coffee. "I have these moments of clarity from time to time."
"So what did you want to do after this? Now that you know more about the defection, I mean," Ibiki asks.
I think for a moment on that. "Do you know where Sakura is, by chance?"
"Not right now, but we have her schedule for the rest of the day. I can make a few calls, figure out where she'll be later."
"If you could."
"Give me a second, then. I'll use the phone inside. You guys want anything else?"
"Another cup here," I say.
"Yeah, same," Inoichi says.
"Got it." Ibiki grunts and gets up, walking inside the cafe.
Sakura is leaving a small building with what looks to be a nurse at her side. She spots me, breaks off her conversation, and approaches me as the other girl leaves.
It's been about two hours since my meeting with Ibiki and Inoichi. I really want to make sure...did I miss something, at some point? Is there something I'm not seeing? I don't know for sure, but maybe I can find out here.
"Lilith. I heard that you wanted to speak to me..."
Her hair has started growing out again, though it's consistently tied back behind her head. She still wears her headband on top of her head, and carries a large leather bag on her shoulder that seems to be filled with books. Those green eyes that used to be filled with emotion have had nearly all their light drained away, and her voice is flat, nearly toneless with little of her old personality in it.
All those reports were correct. She really is about to fade away.
"I just...wanted to see if I could understand."
"Understand?"
"You. Understand you, and everything that you did. Leaving the village, getting us hurt...things of that nature. I wanted to see if I could figure out something, if something would change."
"Has it?" she asks.
"Not at all."
"I...I see. Do you-"
"I hated what you did. I think I always will. I don't think I have it in me to forgive you, but I won't stand over you with it. I won't get in your way, I won't hurt you, I won't...I won't throw myself into your life just to spite you. You have to continue to exist as a person, as a human being. I know that much. It has to be that way."
"..."
"I wanted to talk, to have a conversation, to figure these things out," I say while shaking my head. "But I can't. There's really nothing. I don't have anything for you, I don't have anything inside of my head."
"You...heard about everything," she says timidly.
"I heard about everything. Your plans, your thoughts, the things you wanted out of your life with Sasuke, or what it was supposed to be. Maybe not everything inside of your head, but enough. It doesn't...mean anything to me. I simply don't care."
"Lilith...I'm sorry-"
"Don't." I hold my hands up. "Please. Don't do that. Don't tell me you're sorry. Sakura, it's meaningless. Okay? It's meaningless, it's worthless. Your apologies are nothing to me. They mean nothing. I don't care. I...you have value as a person, as someone who's part of this village. I want you to succeed, truly. Not just for my own purposes, either. You can do things for the village that nobody else can. You have value in Sasuke's eyes, and he will need you when he wakes up and starts to recover. I think you're the only one who can truly reach him as he is."
"But...but I..."
"I know. I know that it's confusing. I'm confusing. I can be a mess sometimes, I understand that. I try my best. But it's meaningless coming from you, you have to understand that. You have to understand that after everything you've done, I can't just let it go all of a sudden. I didn't come here to mock you with that, I truly wanted more...I wanted something more than this to come out of it, but just looking at you now..."
I sigh and run a hand through my hair.
"I'm sorry. I should go. I...will see you around at some point, Sakura."
"I denied it."
She raises her hands to her chest, and I can see the damage on them. Cuts and bruises, places where they've been rubbed raw.
"I denied it, I tried to run away from it all. I didn't mean to...I was just trying to be there."
"I know."
"You know?"
"I knew from the moment you said those words. That 'it was an accident'. You wanted to believe it, and in the boy who was so heroic, who gave so much for you on that dangerous mission way back when."
"..."
"But there's nothing I can appreciate about that apology, one that came after so much strife, and in a time and place that was too late for both of us. I hate you, Sakura. It's so sad. But I can't stand you. There's enough in me for all of those other things I mentioned, and I know it doesn't make sense to you. I can't stand you. I really can't."
"..."
"I really wanted it to be different, you know. I really did..."
I turn my back on her and put my hands in my pockets.
"Maybe one day soon, we'll be able to figure it out. Until then, we will just have to live our lives."
"What can I do? Isn't there something I can do?!" she pleads. I don't turn to face her.
"..."
"Lilith...please."
"You're stronger than this, Sakura. What you can do for me is work for this village, our home. Cherish it. Protect it. But even then...I won't absolve you, Sakura. There's just too much for me to do that all of a sudden."
I wanted more than this. I wanted more than just to hate her, to despise her for simply being, to think so badly of her even while she's suffering.
But I can only walk away, leaving my thoughts from today to settle. I know everything that has happened. I understand it clearly. I have made my decisions.
And so, it's time to move forward.


Chapter 67
Scarlet Justice - ep. 67"Prospects"
Today is a good day to start on my big assignment: scouting new aides for the Hokage's Office. There are people to select from the existing pool, but they also have their own necessary functions and plenty of current work to catch up on. These two dedicated assistants will be responsible for work that the Hokage would normally take on, related administrative duties and most importantly, leaning on the old man when needed so that certain things get done. From what I've been hearing, he has a tendency to drag his feet on troublesome things or even delay them by using that sharp diplomatic mind of his.
Much to consider in this search. But I've been spending the last few days making preparations.
"Luna, seriously. I'll be fine."
"I don't like the idea of you moving around so much," she says as she clears the table after breakfast. She's still in her nightgown and hopefully will be taking it easy for the day, light cleaning aside.
"It's administrative work for the Hokage, quite important. I'll be gone for two, maybe three days. Believe me when I say that there are few people who can do this job aside from me."
"Can you please stay home for a few days once you return and everything is done with?" she asks. "Miss Lili, I really mean it. I want you to rest properly."
"When I'm finished, I'll let the Hokage know that I'm off limits for a while," I say as I leave my seat. "I promise. I didn't have anything planned for after this anyways."
"Thank you so much."
"I don't mean to worry you, Luna."
"You never do. It's alright." She walks over and gives me a warm hug. "Just remember that you're still a growing young girl. Give yourself time to recover properly in mind and body."
"Yes, of course."
I pack lightly and choose a simple form of dress for my journey. A light jacket and comfortable pair of jogging pants will do. Hopefully it won't get too cold, but these will work for me if it does. Hair and face are good. I make sure my headband is on my right arm, and there's an extra pouch on my waist for the special notebook that I'm going to carry with me. Some security will be necessary here, and there are some seals on the cover to help with that.
"I'm off," I call out as I leave.
"Yes, understood. I will take care of things here. Was there anything else you needed from me?" Luna asks from her room.
"No, nothing. Take care while I'm gone. I love you, Luna."
"I love you, Lili. Be safe."
"Yes, always."
I make my way out and lock the door behind me. The search for personnel will be in two phases: military and civilian. The existence of spies means that there should be profiles on every registered shinobi within the village at the least as part of protocol. It means a lot of information at first blush, so I'll narrow my categories down to start. The old man has a preference for women, so I'll accommodate him there. I'll also want to look at more of the well-known clans in the Leaf to filter out those subtle sorts of problems, like institutional knowledge, clan politics, things of that nature. People with an understanding of those sorts of things can be on-boarded in a quick and efficient manner. As for the civilian phase, I'll observe the downtown sector manually. If there's a diamond in the rough, I'll be sure to find them. Civilians are good for a few reasons, one of them being that I used to be such a person. There are many skills and perspectives that they have, and acumen in their respective fields that can reach levels well beyond that of shinobi.
I consider my options as I walk. Standard information on all shinobi would be held in the Hokage's Office, as a matter of course. But...I want information that is more vivid and intimate. That means it's a good time to visit Intelligence again. Since it's going to be a long day, I think I'll grab a few things to munch on.
"Good morning."
"Good morning, young miss. What can I do for you today?"
The local shop owner helps me stock up on treats, and I head to the entrance of the Leaf Intelligence Division. There are the usual gentlemen hanging around the entrance, smoking and engaging in conversation. Their faces aren't hostile this time around, and they make room so that I can enter without incident. I nod politely to them as I step inside.
Ibiki spots me as I cross the foyer and gives me a wave while approaching. "Hey, how's it going?"
"Things are fine today. I'm getting some work done, so I'll be here a while as a result. You have video rooms, don't you?" I ask him.
"Upstairs, quite a few of them to choose from. You can take as long as you need once you get inside, nobody should give you any trouble. What'd you need it for?"
"I'm running some errands for the Hokage today."
"Hoh, big shot over here. Well, everything you need should be in reach. Video rooms are upstairs like I said. I gotta go and kick someone's ass on the other side of town, so I'll see you around. Take care of yourself," he says as he pats me on my good shoulder.
"Yes, surely. Thank you, Ibiki."
He nods and makes his way out while I head towards the elevator. The guide inside tells me that the video equipment is two floors above me, so I press the button and ascend with no fanfare. It's relatively quiet today, with not too many people moving about.
"Hm. Let's see...if I'm at this age, then we need to find candidates that are young, with at least a little experience, and some potential for growth. We will limit the search to seven years ago. Women will take priority as decided earlier," I say to myself as I walk. "We can also glean personality traits from video footage, much easier than with written reports. But those will come in handy as well, later on. But what events should I focus on first? There are the Chuunin Exams, obviously...ah, the cultural days. And the athletic meets, too. There are three areas already. I just have to take note of everything that's of interest."
I approach the front desk and ask the woman behind it for the tapes I want. Footage from the past fourteen Chuunin Selection Exams, the cultural festivals from three and seven years ago, the past three athletic meets, and a special combat exercise from four years ago that's mentioned by another librarian who came by to collect some notes. With so many tapes, we get a rolling cart to put them on, and I push it to the first empty room before closing the door. There's the cassette player, a projector, and a large television that can be moved around on its own wheeled cart. I decide on using the projector this time, and each item conveniently has its own remote. I set my goodies down on the long table in front of me along with the other tapes, and decide what I'm going to watch first. I think the combat exercise will do as an opener.
After putting the tape in, I wait for the film to start and open a bottle of chocolate milk, then take out my notebook and a pen. As it plays through and I look at the footage, I realize that I'm not going to get much in terms of data. I let the tape finish, rewind and eject it, and then start on one of the cultural festival tapes. It's rich with detail and I sit back to watch carefully. There are a decent number of interviews that take place too, which is quite helpful. I find one girl that catches my eye and pause the tape to capture extra details. The next tape has some promise too, but nobody immediately suitable. I take down some names just in case.
The Chuunin Exam tapes are up next, and I find a lollipop to suck on while I watch through them. High production values make these a treat to watch, with much in the way of nice details and perspectives. These are all of the public final rounds for the most part, with some highlights from the Forest of Death as teams reached the tower to complete the second round. Another two girls attract my interest, though I enjoy the footage of other candidates just as much. It would be a treat to do this and get paid for it at the same time, but I'm not one to complain when things are this good already.
The tapes take a while to go through. Some of it is my fault for...various reasons relating to research. Naturally. Leaving no stone unturned, and no figure unsurveyed. I eventually do finish, writing down my observations on people and other things of interest. By now it's afternoon, and I'm just a bit hungry. I can endure a while longer, however. It's time to clean up and return these tapes.
"If you're done, I can take those for you," the woman from earlier says as she spots me.
"Thank you. Please take care," I say to her. She nods and pushes the cart back to the front desk, where the tapes will be organized and returned to their proper homes. I shoulder my backpack and take one more look through my notebook. The next stop will be...profiles on the village's shinobi. If I recall correctly, those archives should be a floor down. I head to the elevator and wait for another person to get in before sending us downwards. As I exit, I locate the front desk on this floor and move through the tall shelves towards it.
"Identification, please."
"Yes." I take out a small card and hand it to the woman at reception. Her hair is the colour of chestnuts and looks silky smooth, cascading down her front and framing her soft face.
"Ah, Miss Kobayashi. You have some extra clearance here, that makes things much easier. How may I help you today?"
"I would like access to personnel files for a few hours. I'm doing research on behalf of the Hokage's Office."
"Understood. If you could list the names for me, I'll get their files and fill out the necessary paperwork for you."
"I have them listed here," I say as I open my notebook to a certain page and hand it to her. She looks over it and nods before typing quickly into the computer nearby.
"Excellent. If you could wait a few minutes, I'll collect everything in one go and return to you."
"There's no rush, please take as much time as you need."
She gives me a smile and heads off to collect the requisite files. Her legs are nice. Mm. I wonder where she works out in the village. Eventually she returns all of the files on another rolling cart, put into a neat stack for my convenience. And it's in the order I listed, too. Very nice.
We exchange bows before I move to one of the standing desks and open the file folders one at a time to examine them. These contain the extra details that wouldn't show up right away in a video; personal details, medical history, any disciplinary actions, commendations, mission data and so on and so forth. I take out another lollipop and place it in my mouth as I scan the files, writing down notes on their own dedicated pages as needed. This consumes a few more hours on its own, and now I'm really getting hungry. It's late afternoon according to my watch as I put back the last of the files and wheel them up to the front desk. The receptionist gives me a nod and wave as I return them to her, then make my way out of Intelligence for the day.
I've picked up three definite candidates from all of my research, attractive in both body and mind. Now the second phase can begin...after I get something in me.
I stifle a belch after finishing some delicious meat buns from a street vendor. The green tea they have is refreshing, too - I don't often have it cold, but it's very nice. By now it's evening in the Leaf, and I've already left the Intelligence building for the downtown core. The plan now is to stop and pop into various shops, spending money here and there to interact with notable employees.
Ino comes to mind as I pass by a few clothing stores, and I end up stopping into one after finding something that I think would look lovely on her. Even better, this shop arranges deliveries for gifts. I'll be sure to tease that girl with something daring once we get old enough, but for now, she'll just be getting a terribly cute blouse and skirt combination.
There are quite a few cafes in the area...along with some that I've heard of, but never experienced before. Maid cafes.
"Hm."
I shrug and decide to try my luck. There's definitely an appeal to it, but I prefer regular people-watching. This one has a cat theme, of the big and small varieties. There's a candidate that I have a conversation with, and I keep her in mind after leaving. I might stop by again if I have nothing else to do. I pass through the local bars as well, just to check. Some of the shinobi recognize me, and it helps with the employees trying to scold me for 'being in the wrong place'. I thought the headband on my arm would have been enough, but I suppose not. In any case, there aren't many women working at the bars themselves, mostly as servers and waitresses. I'm looking for something a bit different after the maid cafes.
There's a coffee shop that catches my eye, and I step into it. A woman with gradient blue hair is brewing tea, so I make an order for it and a small cup of coffee as well. She seems to be one of those 'cool beauties' that I've heard about, and in addition has a laid back nature about her. The tea is very good, as is the coffee. There's a smoke that I can smell on her, very subtly. I feel like I've encountered the scent before...it's not tobacco, to be sure. So what is it? I should know...mm. I'll figure it out later. She's one of my favourites, so I make sure to get her name before I leave.
I'm getting hungry again. The inn I spotted earlier has a restaurant across from it, and it's already night by now, so...
"Ah...shoot, I can't lose this. I need it for my search..."
"Is everything alright, ma'am?" I ask as I approach the woman ahead of me. She looks to be in her late twenties, and has a curvy frame that's a treat to behold. I help her pick up her papers from the street.
"Thank you so much."
"Resume papers? Are you looking for work, by chance?" I scan the sheet before giving it back to her. Those are strong credentials she has. I do wonder...
"Oh, yes. I...um, was let go from my job recently. It's a long story, and I'm sure-"
"I have enough time," I reassure her. "I actually was going to eat dinner, so...if you wanted to talk over a meal, I would be delighted to do so."
She's between jobs, but also homeless as I find out. I give her a fair bit of my spending money as we part ways, and she politely refuses before I charm her into finally taking it with her. She's staying at a women's shelter nearby, and I make sure that we leave her enough time to return to her bed safely. Now I have six candidates, three from the military, and three civilians. All strong choices. I order some more tea and do one last assembly of my notes, plucking out everything that's irrelevant and focusing on the strengths and weaknesses of my candidates. It's not bad for a day's work.
Candidates, Final Selection
Mimi KoshiroChuunin/F/17A lean and cute body. She's well-rounded and can learn quickly (similar to Sakura). A normal girl with a normal looking family (also similar to Sakura). Good for a sense of grounding and normalcy in the environment. Might not be able to handle extreme pressure, which there will be a lot of.
Kikyo NaraChuunin/F/16Has a soft and well-nourished body. Looks quite good in pants. She's strong when it comes to observations and pays great attention to detail. An experienced, diligent worker who is devoted to her tasks. Seems solid. Her issues however are dealing with abstracts and emotional matters/matters of the heart. This could be a problem when it comes certain levels of work and operating on the Hokage's level. Might be dragging her out of her element; it's not all simple paperwork here.
Imari HyuugaChuunin/F/19A slender and elegant body. Her appeal is boosted by skirts and dresses. Those eyes of hers rarely miss a thing. She has low experience in these specific areas, but great drive. Possibly because of her time in the Hyuuga Branch House, she is very compassionate towards others and does her best to connect with people. This seems like a boon. Teachable, talented, and passionate when allowed to be.
Leona YamasakiBarista/F/20A firm, bountiful chest and long legs. Her gradient blue hair makes her stand out, but she is a calm and cool individual. Her precision is also nothing to sneeze at, and she has strong management skills that can transfer over to the new job. She also might not have any trouble with the old man's smoking, which is another plus. Seems a bit hard to read at times, but friendly.
Yuna IjuuinWaitress/F/17Huge breasts. The backside isn't bad, either. Cute face, bubbly, fun. Could be a great injection of energy for the office. Handled her work expertly and to the letter. The transition to office work will be the hardest part - she has no experience with it. She's adept with handling customers and doesn't fold when faced with their pressure. Attracts lewd situations with mysterious consistency. I like her underwear choices, though. Very bold.
Tamaki KuroganeUnemployed/F/27A well-balanced, curvaceous body (reminds me a lot of Luna, definite plus) that sends her appeal through the roof. Currently homeless and spends her nights at a shelter while job hunting. Used to be the personal assistant of a big company CEO two years ago, but ended up fired and blacklisted from her field. This came as a result of reporting the sexual assault of a junior coworker, and pursuing the case all the way to the top of the company. Seems a bit anxious at times and her self-esteem can get low, likely because of what happened all that time ago. But she carries all of the relevant skills for the job and at an extremely high level. Definite favourite. Bright smile and a motherly warmth.
Now...the only thing left to do is make my final decision. The old man said he needed at least one. Two would be good and seems like a sweet spot. Three also works, and any more than that would be too much.
"Ah..."
Two people sounds best, for the sake of synergy. I nod and take a sip of my tea. The window at the front of the restaurant shows off the bustling night life of the Hidden Leaf. It's like a lot of big cities, but these flavours are unique. This is the place that I've sworn to protect, for better or for worse. That's the reason I'm out here, writing in a notebook at night with my arm in a cast, instead of resting peacefully at home in my own bed.
But it's less about the village, or the nation it sits within. It's these people. The ones I view as precious, and even just worth fighting for at the drop of a hat.
The bright streets reveal women in their flashy clothing, some walking to and from bars and clubs, others on the street corners and in front of the inn that I'll be entering in a while to rest. There's someone who looks to be around my height, hopefully not my age as well. Thin black stockings with the rest of her covered by a jacket. Hair the colour of lavender, soft and puffy like a cloud, covering her eyes. I'm drawn to her, for some reason. Wondering who she might be waiting for, if anyone.
My thoughts go to my father. I remember the places he brought me to, shortly after my mother passed away. I remember the flashy women, dressed just like that, who were daring and vulgar, and gossiped about how disgusting the men who stuffed money into their racy outfits were. Some talked about my father and how handsome he was, others who had the pleasure of his company saw past it and found him far worse than the balding tycoons. The memories trickle through, in bits and pieces. I hope she doesn't get picked up by a man even half as bad as him. To that end, I whisper a small prayer for her.
I've come to a judgement on my two candidates, but want to sleep on it a bit more to be sure. This is a pretty big decision, even if it doesn't feel like it right now. Tomorrow is a new, fresh day for discovery. I pay my bill and set down a good tip before leaving, heading out into the cool night. The jacket for today was a prudent decision, then.
"Shinobi, huh."
I look over to see the girl, or woman that I was observing earlier beside me. She's actually a bit taller than me, at least with the heels on.
"Yes," I reply.
"Does it for you?"
"In more ways than one," I say deliberately.
She laughs lightly and nods. "Live your truth, hon."
"I will say the same to you." I pause. "Would a donation be handy?"
"Sure. I'm independent these days," she says with a smile. "Can't stand these agencies skimming off the top and the middle too."
"Such is the world," I say as I hand her a few bills. "My father used to solicit women. They fell in love with his looks and hated his guts by the next morning."
"Shit. Sounds like a piece of work."
"If only he stopped at being that bad. Well, be safe. As much as you can be in this world, at least."
"Doing my best. Thanks, hon. Have yourself a good night."
"I will." I head into the inn and grab one of the open rooms, take a warm shower with my cast covered tightly, and then change into something light before heading to bed. Sleep comes quickly.
I yawn and roll out of bed, heading to the bathroom and making sure that water didn't get past my cast cover after last night's shower. Everything seems fine after my inspection, so I clean up for the morning, get back into my casual clothing, and seal up my dirty laundry before packing up and getting ready to leave. The front entrance of the inn is clear in the morning light; the women of the night and their clients have left for parts unknown, sure to return once the sun goes down and normal business hours begin again. I wonder about the woman from last night and what she's doing now, briefly. Hopefully she's staying safe, and living her own truth as she asked me to do.
"Hm. Coffee sounds nice." I yawn and head over to the nearby coffee house - there are several in the vicinity - primarily to perk myself up a little, but also on a little intuition. If I'm right, my first selection should be here, hard at work.
And as I enter the small shop, I see that I'm right.
"Miss Kurogane," I say out loud as I approach. "Might I sit?"
"Oh, yes! Please go ahead! Lilith Kobayashi, right?"
"Lili is perfectly fine," I say as I take a seat across from her. She has papers spread out on the table in front of her and is sipping a cup of coffee. The overnight bag at her feet seems sturdy enough, but has certainly seen better days.
"Right, right. You said as much yesterday. Speaking of that, thank you so much for what you did. You've bought me a lot of time! And I can spoil myself a little...like the old days," Tamaki says with a smile. She really is marvellous to look at. I noted how appealing her body was already...she has long brown hair, secured in the middle by a star-shaped hair clip. Soft looking green eyes and lush red lips - she's been taking care of herself while continuing to survive, never giving up hope that things would get better one day. Well...it's time for that faith to be rewarded in full.
"I'm flattered, but there's no need to thank me. That was the least I could do for you."
"It really isn't, stop that. Thank you again. So...what might you be doing around here this morning? I'm sure you're a busy shinobi of the Leaf. You're certainly not here to hold court with a jobless woman like me!"
"Oh, you'd be wrong about that. Here," I say as I hand her a small card. She takes it and blinks, looking at it curiously.
"What's this? Directions and instructions...to...aha, I'm not sure I get it," Tamaki says. "Lili? What's happening?"
"Tamaki...on behalf of the Third Hokage, I would like you to become a special aide for the Hokage's Office, in direct service to him and to the Hidden Leaf. I very humbly ask for your help," I say gently.
"Hokage...eh? You mean to say...ahaha. Ahahaha...this is...haha, this is..."
"Tamaki..."
"Ha...haha..." She stares at me, tears running down her face as she flips between crying and laughing. "Is this really...happening?"
"It is."
"For...for so long...for so long I've been alone and helpless. Nobody would take me on for more than a season, barely enough to live on. I was losing hope each day...I...I'm just a homeless woman, just so desperate...but now...somehow..."
"You have a wonderful heart. That is why you've been chosen. People like you are irreplaceable treasures. Tamaki...you are not alone any more."
She sniffles and wipes at her eyes. "I...where will I..."
"Everything will be taken care of. Living arrangements, clothing, whatever you might need. Please head to the noted location within the week." I take out another card for identification, sign it, and then hand it to her. "This will take care of everything needed if anyone should ask. And you'll have a partner, one from a prestigious clan in the Leaf. She'll be your junior."
"My...junior."
"Yes. Please teach her well, Miss Kurogane. I believe in you."
The look in her eyes changes. I can see the determination that I imagined last night when I was making my decision. The same strength that drove her to sacrifice everything in order to see justice done.
"This senpai will not let you down."
I nod. "Naturally. That's part of why I chose you."
We both stand up and share a long hug. She really is warm and reminds me of my sisters...yes, this was definitely a good choice.
"I guess I won't be needing these resumes right now...ah, but I need to hurry and gather up my things, make sure other things are taken care of...so much to do all of a sudden! Lili, I'll see you in a while."
"Of course."
"Please take care of yourself...and thank you for everything. Thank you so much."
"I'll see you soon, Tamaki. Welcome home."
She smiles and kisses me on the cheek before gathering her things, finishing her coffee, and taking off. Of course, she made sure to leave an appropriate tip behind.
I close my eyes and sigh with satisfaction. I can already tell that she'll be an incredibly reliable woman.
A delicious cup of coffee and some light reading before heading back to more familiar parts of the Leaf. This next person is closer to home...well, maybe this particular place is already another home to me, as unlikely as it would be to see.
The gates are opened up at the Hyuuga estate, and I walk up to the guards. Today I'm in a decent mood, so I'll play nice. "May I have an audience with Lady Hanabi? I'm here on official business."
The two men look at each other for a moment before one heads inside. It takes a few minutes, but I see him return with Hanabi behind him, out of breath and smiling.
"Big sis! I was jumping rope with some of the girls!" Hanabi says happily. "Did you want to see onee-sama?"
"No, no. I'm honestly here on business. Is she in, though?"
"She and Neji are out..." Hanabi beckons me close so she can whisper. "Neji's watching over her. She's at Naruto's place again, I heard."
"Ah. That's only fair. He did say that he was starting to see her as a woman."
"Wha...n-no way..."
"It's true. I think Hina's growth has exceeded our expectations," I say with a nod.
"Yeah. Definitely." We separate and straighten ourselves out. Hanabi coughs once and assumes a regal tone. "Well, then. Might I ask your business with Hyuuga, Captain Kobayashi?"
"Yes. I would humbly like to speak with Miss Imari Hyuuga."
"Oh, Icchan," Hanabi says, immediately relaxing her tone. "I know where she is. Please follow me, Lili-nee."
"Right."
Hanabi signals to the guards that everything is okay before taking me through the massive residence. We end up in a set of similar looking rooms, and she slides open one of the doors so that we can step inside. There's a young woman diligently scrubbing the floors. Her hair is like that of the other Hyuuga; long, straight, and dark. Currently, she has hers tied into a thick and round bun at the back of her head. Her eyes are the same as her kin, a pure white. And I can confirm from up close that she has a slender, elegant type of frame underneath those plain clothes. Not even that drab fabric can erase her lovely looks...her skin looks especially smooth and soft.
"It's always better in person," I say absentmindedly. "She's a beauty."
"Icchan really is pretty," Hanabi says. "The Main House girls are jealous of her. Really a shame that she's stuck in the lower house, you know. What did you want to talk to her about?"
"Becoming one of the Hokage's special aides. She's the second of two candidates chosen."
"Wow. That's definitely impressive. Although..."
"Hm?"
"Well, there are other women in the Main House...I'm sure that Hyuuga will be upset that you chose someone from the Branch House to serve alongside the leader of the village."
"Is that so?" I smile wickedly. "Then that just cements my decision...and makes it so much sweeter."
Hanabi laughs as I start to approach Imari.
"Miss Hyuuga, pardon my intrusion."
"It's no trouble at all." Her voice is soft and measured. Very soothing to listen to. "Captain Kobayashi, isn't it? I am at your service, honoured elder sister."
"Mm...you really are a treasure. I came here today because I have a request of you, on behalf of the Third Hokage."
"I am at your command."
"Please become a special aide for the Hokage's Office, Imari Hyuuga."
"Ah...?" Her eyes widen. "W-wait...this must be a-"
"I don't make silly mistakes like that. Certainly not when it comes to beautiful women like you."
She blushes and clasps her hands together. "S-surely...there has to be someone else. Perhaps in the Main House-"
"I have no such dealings with Hyuuga. Branch House, Main House...all worthless to me. Hinata and Hanabi are my precious sisters. I wouldn't dare say those words if I cared for a moment about the trappings of this clan. Imari, you have a beautiful light that has shone through years and years of oppression. That light is something that will brighten this village, and help it become more and more beautiful, just as you are."
"Captain Kobayashi..."
"Lili is fine.
"Um...Lili...I..." She shakes her head rapidly and lets out a breath, composing herself. Standing at attention, she gives me the same determined look as Tamaki did this morning. "I will accept this challenge before me with pride. Please, allow me to serve the Hokage with all the strength I can draw out!"
"Thank you, Imari. Although, to be honest...you've wanted an excuse to spread your wings for a while now, no?"
"Ah...hahahaha!" She laughs before covering her mouth with one hand. "Wow...you've really done your homework on me!"
"Naturally. Didn't I say it earlier? I don't make mistakes when it comes to beautiful women," I say with a wink.
"I see that it's the truth, clearly."
I sign an identification card for her, and give her another card with directions to the check-in station. "Make sure you're there by the end of the week."
"Understood. There's just one more thing..."
"If it's what I'm thinking, there's no need to worry," Hanabi says with a smile. "By the power vested in me as the future Hyuuga Head, you're free to go. Icchan, good luck!"
"Thank you! Lady Hanabi, I won't let you down. Please, watch over me and continue to send me your blessings."
"You'll have a senior to learn from, and she's fiercely protective of her kouhai. Imari, you're going to be in the best care. I'll see you soon."
"Yes. Thank you, Lili."
"You're very welcome."
"Big sis, stay a while?" Hanabi asks. I pat her head, and she purrs softly for me. She really knows how to rope me in now, doesn't she...
"I really should get back home to Luna..."
"Please? It'd be really nice if we spent some extra time together. Just for a little bit? Won't you?"
"You know that I can't resist you, little kitten. Your big sis can't do much moving, though. Is that okay?"
"It's super okay. I have stuff I want to show you in my room, anyways."
"I can make some tea and snacks for you both," Imari says. "I ask your patience while I prepare them."
"We'll be waiting in my room, Icchan. Take your time, okay? Lili-nee, let's go."
"Sure." I smile and let Hanabi take my hand.
Looks like everything was a success, and Sasuke's mentorship is secured. Another good deed done. Now...I'll do as Luna wanted and rest a while for my troubles.


Chapter 68
Scarlet Justice - ep. 68"Ever Forward"
One month has passed.
In that time, my cast has come off. My right arm is weak as expected, but definitely functional. I get to work on strengthening it, meaning that I still have to stay away from missions for a while. But training can begin again in earnest.
During that time, I decide to strengthen my connections with loved ones, and properly monitor certain responsibilities. Naruto and I talk throughout my recovery; he's learned quite a bit from Jiraiya and we sharpen up some of his basic skills on the training field together. Things like improving his chakra control, bit by bit daily. The Rasengan is an impressive thing, an A-Rank jutsu on the level of Chidori that requires intense shape transformation. There was a bit of trouble learning it, but Naruto gets around his limitations by using his clone arts to manually rotate the chakra in his hand. Very clever on his part. But...for some reason, I feel like there's something missing. It's a powerful jutsu developed by the Fourth Hokage - I still have to wrap my head around their relation, and I assume that Jiraiya has a specific reason for keeping that from Naruto, so I'll be quiet about it - but I doubt that this is its final form. For one thing, the Fourth died well before his time, saving the village. It's something to think about...the problem though is that while I want to teach Naruto, his mentor right now is Jiraiya and I don't want to undercut anything he's trying to do. They've seen some good progress in the past while. We might have to sit down and talk about it at some point - Jiraiya is almost never around when anyone needs him, an annoyance to be sure.
At least he's getting closer to Hina. They probably would have started dating already if he wasn't so dense. Everything in its own time, I suppose. Sakura is slowly moving out of the picture. Sasuke had his surgery, and it was a success. There wasn't any need to remove organs, and the previous treatments helped a lot with stabilizing him. He'll need a lot of time to recover, and when he does get cleared for training, the Hokage will be available to guide him. Sakura watched the surgery up close and didn't flinch at anything that took place, according to Ino. She may become a formidable medic yet.
The Hokage's new assistants, Imari and Tamaki, are hard at work while getting their top-level clearance. Ibiki has passed me some information about Tamaki's former employer that I mean to act on in the next while.
As for social things, Ino was surprised by the fact that I wasn't bluffing about sending her clothing to wear, but took it well enough. We've agreed to meet for dates every once in a while when we're both free, wearing those matching outfits. More than once, the idea of a little social club comes up, and I'm really thinking about establishing it. Hina and Erika can join us...it sounds like a fun little idea. I spend time with Naruto more often, anticipating that we'll be separated by business once I fully recover. Everything else continues normally.
"Arrangements?"
"Yeah. There's a bit of political maneuvering going on in the Sand, so the Hokage wants to send you over to deal with it."
Today I'm in the Jounin Commander's office, having a meeting with the man himself, Shikaku Nara. He's appreciative of my pestering of Shikamaru, noting that he's changed a bit since the invasion and the retrieval mission that we both participated in. We get down to business and I learn that the Hidden Sand has a slate of missions that they want the Leaf to take part in, what with their shortages of shinobi and resources. Shikaku notes a reconnaissance mission that looks unusual, despite being listed as low-risk.
"It might be a front for something else. Maybe a resource cache, something like that," he says.
"I assume there's a desire to claim it for ourselves?"
"From the other jounin on the council. Bad idea to twist their arms directly, though. Not only would it look bad, but it might make them panic and do something we won't like. We're allies, but they're not bound to us, and even with our help they're still in a bad way."
"Liable to do drastic things," I conclude. "If it's resource acquisition...mm. I can do some research and give them a little shove in the right direction. Perhaps bring something home for those hungry children on the council."
He chuckles. "I'll leave it to you, then. That means you're in, I'm assuming."
"Of course. I would like to see how that boy Gaara is doing, among other things. The Sand's children should be interesting to survey...I assume that they want a squad leader to take care of their genin while out in the field, and they're short of those for obvious reasons." I yawn and stretch. "Babysitting...it will be good practice for when my sibling comes along."
"Heh. Well, I'll put the paperwork in and we should get a response soon. When it comes, I'll call you back here."
"So noted."
"Thank you for your time, Miss Kobayashi." We stand up and shake hands. "No rush on your recovery, though. Mission will take place a few weeks from today."
"Lovely. I will see you later, Shikaku."
He nods and goes back to his work as I leave. I flex my right arm and frown. Doesn't feel right yet...but I'm getting there. Things will be fine soon.
"There is a place north of the village, if I recall. I think I should take some extra time out for myself and do some more solo training..."
"Hey, it's been a while."
I turn my head to see Ruki approaching. She's as lovely as ever, from what I can gather.
"It has been. Absence does make the heart grow fonder, as they say."
"It does!" she says with a smile. Today's look is a wool sweater and a slimming pair of jeans. Very nice. "So, have I fallen out of favour yet?"
"I would never say such a thing."
"Just wondering. Your usual appraisal is on the quiet side today, you know."
"Mm. I don't want to cause too much trouble for you in public. You know how people get. How are things with our man lately?"
She shrugs. "Not bad. He's been nice enough to me."
"Is that all?"
"Hm...well. I think I'm getting a little closer to him. At least, I hope so. We're not doing anything date-like just yet. Mostly hanging out around town, having a drink here and there with mutual friends...you know. It's fine."
"You're bothered by something," I say.
"Not really."
"You want him to open up, but he's making it difficult."
Ruki says nothing and lets out a breath, looking into the sky.
"There's still time, you know."
"I really think I like him."
"I know."
"Should I ask? Should I just wait for him to say something?"
"What do you want to do?" I ask.
"I...want to know. I want to ask about them. About her, especially."
"Rin Nohara."
"Yeah."
"Then do as your heart tells you. Ask him honestly. You're worried about losing everything, about ruining what you have now. Worrying that it might be too soon."
"You shouldn't know this much at your age," Ruki says.
"Is it embarrassing?"
"No, nothing like that. Just...a little too humbling for a woman like me. But then again, I did accept you as an equal, a woman in your own right. It's how you got away with being so saucy in the hospital," she says as she smiles at me again.
"Really. I thought you were simply overwhelmed by my charm."
"Only thing I'd call overwhelming was that posing of yours during our examinations."
"I hoped you would notice. Hopefully you saw my good side. But all of my sides are good, as you can see here."
"You really are too much, Lili." She sighs. "Thanks. I'll have a go at it one of these days, maybe over lunch or something like that. Maybe just talking will be enough."
"You don't want to try and fix him, of course."
"No. People aren't that easy. Believe me, I know. Men are eager...fragile in a lot of ways, too. That's what makes them so compelling sometimes. Kakashi is an interesting fellow. Just as sweet as I imagined, but also...very insightful. Hm. Well, I'm gonna go get my shopping done. Come visit the shrine again soon."
"I'll be sure to stop by. Take care, Ruki."
"You do the same." She waves as she heads off.
She and Kakashi together...it might very well happen at this point. I'll be praying for her success.
The weeks slowly move forward. There is something to be said about training in the forests and hills. It's a refreshing feeling that seems to boost my spirits. It's...not something I'm imagining, either. I can really feel the energy flowing through me. Maybe it's a sign.
My right arm is restored to its true strength.
The training also increases my speed substantially. I get much faster than I would have guessed. My ceiling really is this high after all, which is surprising. The chakra mode improves further and I can enter the second stage of the chakra mode now from a standstill. As for the third stage, I've added an emergency mode to it that hopefully won't see much use, called the 'Trans-Am System'. Good in a pinch and I can use 'those' techniques while in that state for a short while. But these are things one can't exactly practice extensively.
What I can, and have been working on, is that heavenly power from when I fought Sasuke. I've managed to grasp some of it with Hina's help. When I used the chakra mode's fourth stage again during a practice session, the wings failed to appear. So I can enter the chakra mode normally, but...I wonder if there's something that I'm missing? It's not just a fifth stage, it's something completely different. Something on another level entirely. Maybe an unconscious activation of Sage Arts? Is that possible? I have time to figure it out, but...in any case, I've acquired a new skill, which should come in handy for future battles. More opponents like Kimimaro will appear, and this means I will be ready for them.
"How's it feel to be back?" Kurenai asks me. Today, it's routine drills with shuriken for the most part. We're at the twenty-third training field, one of our homes away from home.
"It feels nice. I was moving about during my injury, but this freedom definitely feels different. We can get back to proper missions and taking care of business whenever the need arises."
"Heh. Just don't push too hard, okay? Hasn't been that long since you got a clean bill of health."
"I'll keep that in mind, Kurenai. I'm assuming the missions will be lower intensity for a while, then?"
"Yeah, but not on account of you this time. Couple of long and slow ones coming up, just turned out to be that kind of season as far as mission spread went. I looked into a few, and they should be good for keeping us in shape. Uncomplicated...we travel and just wait around a bit, depending on what it is. Hopefully they don't rope you into something before then."
"I have a scheduled mission to the Sand coming up. Shikaku will be giving me the details as soon as he hears back. It's in a few weeks." I casually throw a shuriken and redirect it twice on the way to its target, making an S shape in the air. It lands just a little bit away from the center ring. "Hm. Little bit of wind."
"Pushed on the second one after you threw it," Kurenai points out.
"It's about a kilometer or so out that certain forces act upon ballistic trajectories, you know."
"Really, now."
"Yes. About...two to three inches to the right. That's how much I miss by if I don't adjust for it. I've been thinking about it a lot while preparing for missions. There are some outstanding bounties that could be cleaned up easily with a good shot. I think I could take on those."
"You seem to know enough about it. I take it you went out and practiced to get those results?"
"Well, I read about it first and then tested it in the field. Old textbooks from the west and whatnot." I throw a kunai before sending it tumbling through the air, end over end with the help of a senbon. It hits the target dead center, right beside the shuriken from earlier. "Good. There's also a vertical component to consider. This is in addition to other things like wind and temperature...more for me than for the shot itself, since we're using chakra. A solid projectile would require more and more calculations."
"I dunno. You really think nailing a guy in the head from a kilometer away would work for missions?"
"You have a point. It would depend on the type of contract, but I can always safely make the kill and then get rid of the body covertly." I shrug. "Questions that can be answered with mission data."
"Makes sense. Wanna wrap up? Shino and Hinata said they had stuff to show us."
"I did remember, yes." I put away the rest of my weapons and shake out my hair.
"I usually end up in close, and you want to be in that range so you can confirm the kill and better survey your options afterwards. You can always opt for a couple of senbon, maybe a kunai to the chest or throat from distance. Reliable enough. But if I had access to the techniques you had, I'd think about picking them off from another block too. Lots of possibilities, honestly."
"Mm-hm."
We meet up with Hina and Shino, who have finished up on their ends.
"So. You had something to show us?" I say to them.
"It's more for you than Kurenai," Hina says. "She's already seen some of it, and thought you would enjoy a demonstration or two. Shino can go first."
"Alright." Shino holds out one arm in front of him, and I can hear the slight movement of insects beneath his coat. They cover one part of his arm, making it look like a piece of black metal in the light. Oh, is this...?
"Okay, Boss. I want you to strike my arm with a sharp weapon."
I nod and pull out a kunai, then quickly slash at my target. There's a loud sound as the weapon bounces off, but I control it and come back in the other direction, which makes it bounce away once more.
"So this is armor then," I conclude as I put my weapon away.
"I did some research on defensive techniques, including Gaara's use of sand in the recent exams. There's speculation that it may be related to the Magnet Release bloodline limit. With some effort, I was able to breed insects that were compatible with the native colony, containing much of the same properties except for one thing. That would be a slightly increased hardness. This hardness can be amplified with chakra, meaning that my Parasitic Insects can become a solid wall when activated. Of course, that's just the beginning."
"Oh? Go on, please."
"Right." He adjusts his glasses. "The final form of this technique involves rapid reproduction of colonies using the Insect Cocoon technique, combined with additional chakra to reinforce the insect shells as I use the colony to cover my body. Thus, the technique called Parasitic Insect Dark Shield evolves into the art called Dreadnought."
"Dreadnought...a formidable name. Solid and robust. Very good. It takes a lot of upkeep, yes?" I brush my hand over the layer of insects. A strange sensation...they're very much alive and active, but the structure is rigid and cool to the touch. Fascinating, to say the least.
"It takes a substantial amount of chakra to maintain, yes. This is normal from my research, as Gaara's so-called absolute defense required much in the way of chakra and a fighting style that required much less movement, all so that he could maintain his stamina. In most cases, the Dark Shield can be deployed quickly and strategically since it will only occupy so much of the body at once."
"Hm..." I think about the possibilities of this sort of technique. Not something I would need for myself, and I wouldn't be able to make the best use of it either way. Aoko is also at my call, and her defense with the Chaotic Bulwark is just about unrivaled in all the lands, as far as I'm concerned. Shino was already invaluable to me, but this is definitely a welcome development. I meant it when I said I was proud of him.
"What do you think, Boss?"
"Impressed doesn't begin to describe it. You should have been chuunin a long time ago. Well done, my friend."
"Thanks, Boss. I hoped you would like it."
"I do. And I'm looking forward to what you might come up with in the future." I turn to face Hina. "Alright, Miss Hyuuga. Let's see what you have."
"Of course. The other day, Hanabi got the idea to check for my elemental affinity. I didn't think I was ready for it, but she insisted. So...over the past month or so, I've been training a certain technique."
"And which elements are you tuned to?" I ask.
"Fire...and Lightning. It's the second that I've grasped the fastest, and incorporated into a simple technique." Hina steps away from us and into an open part of the field. "Just so you know, you're responsible for this."
"Am I, now."
"Yes. You've done more for me than you could realize." She takes a breath in and activates her Byakugan.
"You're gonna like this one," Kurenai says.
"I'm sure that I will." So Hina's learned of her elements already...she really is coming along splendidly. What kind of technique has she come up with?
She takes a step forward before jumping into the air. It's a graceful sort of jump, the kind that marries finesse and athleticism, and that makes one look like they're floating through the air instead of just rising and falling like a stone. Her hands shift into that familiar position, left palm out in front of her with the right close to her side. Her movement freezes for a moment as lightning chakra surges through her body.
And then, in the next moment, she shoots diagonally towards the ground, a streak of electric blue following her closely. Her right arm extends, two fingers pointed forward and crackling with energy to drive into the invisible enemy at the end of her route.
"Encore!"
Without a wasted movement, she spins and rushes back in the direction she came from, another streak of light following her as she thrusts forward again at and even faster rate.
"Finale!"
And now, she's even faster than before, accelerating and sending chakra rippling through the air as she finishes by thrusting both arms forward, slamming into the unseen target and finishing it off. Hina breaks her stance and lets out a heavy breath before relaxing.
"That was...really cool," I say with awe. "Maybe calling it cool isn't enough. I don't know...that was...wow."
"Knew you'd like it," Kurenai says with a laugh. "Our girl's come a long way, hasn't she?"
"Say that twice. Hina...seriously. That was beyond impressive."
"You really think so?"
"Yes. Yes, I really think that. I really mean it," I say with happiness. "That...you came up with that by yourself?"
"I had some help with refining it...Hanabi and Neji were there to watch over me as I practiced, and while I didn't tell Naruto exactly what I was doing, he gave me ideas as well. But I...came up with the main idea myself. I guess I had your performances in mind, and I just wanted to try one of them, those techniques, for myself. I figured that maybe I could combine a new technique with the Gentle Fist, and...this is what I came up with."
"I'm really proud of you, Hina. I..." I place a hand over my chest. "You're amazing. You were so graceful, and everything about your technique was beautifully precise. Incredibly well done."
"Thank you, Lili. Hearing you praise me like this was all I wanted," she says with a bright smile. "I wanted to impress you most of all, more than anyone else."
"You've certainly done that. So that...let me gather my thoughts a moment. Yes, that technique. First of all, what did you name it?"
"That would be the first question, wouldn't it..."
"It has to be!" I say with excitement. "The very soul of a technique is conveyed through its name, you know? Some can be unique and flashy, with others technical and stoic. They can inspire the masses and strike fear into the hearts of enemies."
"I think you'll like it, Boss."
"I hope so," I say to Shino. "So, Hina. What did you name it?"
She gives me a smug smile. "Lightning Release: Valkyrie Arrow."
Wow. That's good. That's really good.
"You realize that you've become just as chuuni as me now, right?"
Hina rolls her eyes. "I'll find a way to register that as a compliment."
"You're welcome. Valkyrie Arrow...huh. I noticed something else," I say as I put a hand under my chin. "Your positioning was very clean, and done for a specific purpose. I'm right, of course."
"Then you can figure out the rest," she says as she wipes her face with a towel.
"No hints. Hmm...you took a deliberate path to each of your positions. I highly suspect from how you performed the technique that the last two strikes were additional attacks, that is to say that the first strike from the air is a complete technique in and of itself. The second attack uses the advantages of the Gentle Fist stance to build momentum, and it's the same for the third and final attack, which serves as a strong finisher."
"Hm."
"And...one more little secret," I say with a smile. "There's a reason you keep using that stance the whole way through."
"And what reason would that be, Miss Kobayashi?"
"Why, it's for the sake of your secret technique. What else? After each strike, you're in range of the opponent, and that places them within your divination. That extends to if you should miss an attack, which is why each of your phases place you within a certain three dimensional area. It means that no matter where you land, you can either recover or chain any of your attacks into something like the Sixty Four Palms."
She sighs. "I suppose I can't sneak anything past you."
"I'm sure. You expected me to figure it out, Hina."
"Not that quickly."
"Heh. It seems we've all grown much stronger in the last while. That's really good to see, it means that we can take on just about anyone who crosses our path."
"That technique isn't perfected yet," Hina points out.
"It doesn't need to be yet, especially if we're together. I'll be here for you," I say as I pull her close to me. "Just like you'll be there for me."
"As if you need help."
"Don't be like that. Teamwork is important, and it helps my confidence knowing that you and Shino and Kurenai are standing behind me. You're the reason I fight, after all."
"More than the village?"
"More than the village," I repeat honestly. She nods in understanding. "I haven't come up with anything else flashy myself, but today could be a big source of inspiration. By the way, have you seen Naruto's thing?"
"He showed it to me the other day," Hina says as we grab our equipment. "It's very impressive."
"Right? I want to hear your thoughts on it. It looks...incomplete."
"I was thinking the same thing."
"Good, good. Any ideas? I don't want to intrude on Jiraiya's space, you know. But we can make subtle suggestions here and there, you know, little training plans that he can follow."
"Should we look into his affinity, too?"
"No, let's leave that to someone else. You know how he gets when he discovers something new," I say with a lazy wave of my hand. "The boy is too eager when it comes to jutsu and the like."
"Mm-hm."
"Though I suppose you'd like him to be eager about other things."
"It never ends with you."
"Speaking of relationships...have you noticed anything new with Kakashi-sensei?" I ask as we start to leave the training field. Kurenai is treating us to lunch today, or maybe a late breakfast. Brunch? All of that sounds good.
"Mm...come to think of it...I did notice him with someone a few times this week."
"Talking about Ruki?" Kurenai asks as she catches up with Hina and I. Shino is trailing behind us reliably.
"We met up a few weeks ago," I say.
"I saw her about two days ago, Asuma and I were coming back from a job. She looked chipper."
"Did she, now? Well, you have my attention."
"Alright...you know that she and Kakashi went uptown one day, and..."


Chapter 69
Scarlet Justice - ep. 69"Morning Glory"
There's a small resort town in the northern part of Fire Country, known for its impeccable service and wonderful hot springs. I came upon it while travelling and made a note to visit again one day; since then, it's become a regular stop after my training in the wilderness. The men and women have separate baths, thankfully. It means that I get an unobstructed view of the beauty around me.
Becoming a regular means that the ladies sometimes fawn over me, and I was honest enough to mention that I'm into girls. For the most part, they don't mind. I wonder if some of them think that I couldn't charm them away from their husbands and boyfriends. Ah, I won't do something so pointlessly cruel. This is more than enough for me. Today, I lean back against the edge of the pool and do my usual observations while enjoying the hot water. Soothing and great for the skin.
"It's God's wonderful creation," I say to myself. "Praise be for his divine works."
"Ma'am, your beverages."
"Oh, thank you." I gently take the bottles of milk from the hostess. "Did you get the present I left for you?"
"Yes, ma'am. Your generosity is much appreciated, as always."
"You're very welcome. I should be fine for now, thank you again."
"Of course." She nods politely and heads off.
Paradise, huh. Could this be it for me? Would I be happy if I could retire and lounge around here every day for the rest of my existence?
"..."
Maybe not. As nice as it sounds to just rest forever, I know that I'm meant for more. It's a feeling that makes me want to keep moving, and something that makes this long, fantastic journey all the better. The beautiful women shrouded in steam, laughing and enjoying themselves...it's something nice for the short times that I'm here. But a life, this does not make. I take a few sips of milk and sigh with satisfaction.
"Should I get into farming...? Being assured of my milk's quality sounds nice. It would be easy enough to fund a cooperative."
My gaze wanders before landing on a certain person. Ah, right. It's that girl. She's always soaking away from everyone else to the point where I lose track of her in the steam. People politely approach her, but she always gently refuses any invitations and remains where she is. The same place each time...if it's occupied, she doesn't come by.
"Strange child." I look at her closely for the first time. Long white hair and pale skin, unnatural if I had to say anything about it. Like the colour has been drained away from her, somehow. Her eyes are a strange sort of grey, something that looks like the billowing smoke that rises up from a fire. She's about my height, thin, fragile-looking. But her form looks wiry at the same time, as if she had her old body taken away from her, piece by piece.
Maybe...it's none of my business. But I want to know what exactly has happened to her. What kind of torment has she gone through?
"..." I inhale sharply and make my decision. Stepping out of the pool I'm in, I wrap myself in a clean towel and secure it before grabbing my milk. Under the gazes of the other women, I walk along the small pathways and towards the distant part of the spring, where the girl rests quietly. She has a wistful look as she observes everyone else, and doesn't seem to notice me coming until I've stopped nearby.
"Good morning."
"G-good morning. Why did you...decide to come here?" she asks. Her voice is quiet, like she's forcing it downwards. It really feels like something traumatic has happened in her life. There are dark lines beneath her eyes from exhaustion, and her face makes her look like she's yearning for sleep perpetually.
"You seemed lonely. And I was wondering what you were doing alone in such a vibrant place."
"I...if I'm bothering you, then I can-"
"You're not a bother. Okay? It's not what you think. Is it okay if we talk? If you want to be alone, I can respect your wishes as well."
"..." There's a long moment of silence. "If...you're okay with talking to someone like me."
"I am."
She nods and I set my towel on the edge of the pool before stepping in beside her. The water is notably warmer here. Is that why she always chooses this spot? Or maybe it's this along with the seclusion provided.
"This place is vibrant," she says. "That's why I...wanted to stay a while. I know that I don't deserve to be here, but this is one of the only places I know right now. Being at this distance, I can relax while not being such a bother to the others."
"Is that really how you see it?"
"Yes." She turns her head to look at me. "I've...always liked to observe. Just as you do."
"So you've noticed me."
"It's not possible to miss someone so beautiful." She blushes brightly as she says that. "It's forward of me. I know that. But...I wanted to say it while I had the chance, now that you've chosen to grace me with your presence."
"Well, well. It seems you're full of surprises. Very bold of you...but I like it," I say with a smile. "I have admirers, as you might have noticed, but you've made yourself stand out already. I take it you're a fellow connoisseur as well?"
"I...wonder." She looks out at the other women bathing. "What would you call a scene like this?"
"A feast for the eyes," I say confidently. "Imagine if you could use these vivid sights to fill yourself instead of food."
"One would never go hungry in this world."
"Yes. How wonderful to meet someone who shares the same wavelength. It's a shame that you're so shy, I know the girls would love you."
"It is, in a way...isn't it."
"Well. I don't mean to force anything upon you. If this is where you feel most comfortable, be assured that I will not disturb your domain."
"Thank you for that."
"May I ask a question?"
"Yes. What is it?"
"Why did you let me in?"
"For...those reasons I mentioned earlier. I've admired you for a while, but never had the courage to approach you. So I...simply hoped that you would approach me instead. And as soon as you did, I knew within myself that I didn't have any excuse to keep you away. It sounds strange, I think."
"We do certain things for people that we like. It's natural, and nothing to be ashamed of."
"Thank you."
"May I have your name?" I ask. "You know, since you're interested and all..."
"My name...?" She blushes and goes quiet for a while. "You...want to know me?"
"Why not? It wouldn't be fair to turn away someone so pure, not so quickly. And I take it you know of my preferences?"
"I do."
I laugh lightly. "That's good. You know, that sort of boldness makes girls weak in the knees at times."
"I...I just really thought that I wasn't good enough. Someone like you could get anyone they wanted. So entertaining the thoughts of someone so-"
"Please don't speak about yourself like that."
She shakes her head. "It's true."
"It's not."
"You can't think that."
I sigh. "I...I admit to liking women with, I suppose..."
"More than skin and bone on them."
"You're saying too much."
"You have to be thinking it." She sniffles and turns away. Things sink into an awkward sort of silence, and I feel myself adjusting to the pool temperature. It would be a shame to leave now, but...maybe I've been too forceful.
"I'm sorry," she says quietly. "I'm just..."
"You're insecure. I understand. Even if you...can't really believe it."
"What kind of trouble did others give you?"
"Well...what do you think of my hair?" I ask.
"It's lovely. It makes you look radiant and...stunning, I think," she says with her back still turned. The skin is as pale as it is on the rest of her, and I can see her shoulder blades sticking out. "I really like it."
"Many people felt the opposite. They made fun of me for this hair. Shamed me for standing out. It didn't feel like jealousy a lot of the time. Just...exclusion. I don't mean to compare myself to you, but I...I feel like I know what it's like to be pushed aside as an eyesore. Just a little bit."
"I'm sorry. I don't want you to go. I was just...my courage disappeared, and I got frightened. I wasn't sure if this situation was real, or if I was just hoping for something to happen. I was rude, and I apologize."
"It's fine. I can't fault you for that. I can tell that you've been through a lot."
She turns to face me again. "My name is Fionne. Fionne Mutou. I...used to be a kunoichi from the Hidden Rock Village."
"I see. My name is Lilith Kobayashi, and I'm a kunoichi from the Hidden Leaf Village. I was training in the forest nearby earlier, and as you know, I usually stop here to relax afterwards. You can call me Lili, like everyone else."
"Then...you can call me Fio. That's fine for me," she says with a smile. She's finally relaxing a bit, with her face lightning up...she's very cute. "I...know I've heard your name before. I didn't realize it was you this entire time. Ah...you're the Scarlet Viper I've heard so much about, aren't you?"
"The one and only," I say proudly.
"Amazing. You're a legendary kunoichi already. People speak of you in the same breaths as Tsunade of the Three, or Pakura of the Sand. It's really an honour...and I'm even more embarrassed now to have spoken to you like that. I'm so sorry."
"It's alright, really. There's nothing to worry about," I say as I gently touch her shoulder. "I wasn't offended, first of all. And it's hard to get angry after being showered with praises like that. I can't call myself worthy of being mentioned with Lady Tsunade just yet, but thank you so much for those kind words. I really mean it."
"It's only right. You're beautiful and an amazing warrior."
"You're seriously trying to capture me, aren't you? I didn't think I would find someone more aggressive than me," I say with a laugh. "And you were acting so timid when I approached you earlier!"
"I told you I couldn't help it..." She blushes again and laughs quietly. Absolutely adorable.
"Fio...if it's not too much to ask..."
"Nothing is. Please, I can answer any question you wish."
"You...said that you 'used' to be a kunoichi. Is that why you're here in Fire Country instead of Earth? Is there something you want to keep secret?" I ask carefully.
"It's nothing like that," she says while shaking her head. "The reason why I'm no longer with the Rock is because I was kidnapped and taken away. I was experimented on after my capture, for a long while."
Experimented on...oh.
I watch as she lifts her hands from the water. There are black rings around her wrists, maybe about two inches thick. They're...embedded in her flesh.
"What are those?"
"These are the rings that allow me to...exist."
"Exist?" I repeat.
"Yes. It was Orochimaru of the Three Shinobi...he took me away from my home and family. He was the one that experimented on me. It was because of my bloodline limit, Boil Release. He was trying to satisfy his curiosity, and wanted to see if I could achieve a state like that of the Hozuki Clan. An existence that would have me transform into a certain element and back on command. The...the result was that I became unstable. I would randomly change to and from steam, and sometimes while outside I would have panic attacks, knowing that I could just transform and end up blown into oblivion by a strong wind. Stabilizing me meant fusing these rings into my wrists. It meant that I could move about without worrying when the next transformation would occur. But that need for control marked me as a failure to Orochimaru. I wasn't the potent tool he wanted me to be. So he locked me away. I was in constant pain because of the side effects, the drugs, the fighting...it was a terrible nightmare."
"That's...horrifying," I say quietly.
"Orochimaru has died. Killed by the God of Shinobi himself, with your help according to the legends. But I have nowhere to go. I can't return home as I am, not without proof that I am who I say that I am. My hair...if you can believe it, used to be black. And my body was...um..."
"It's alright."
"Well, um...I was a plump girl," she says with a sheepish smile.
"That's nothing to be ashamed of, my darling. I'm sure you were just as cute then."
"It's little wonder the other ladies find you so charming. You really know what to say at the best times..."
"I do try my best."
"Um...yes. I used to look very different. But now...I can barely taste anything that I eat or drink, and my body burns up so much energy. My metabolism, I think...it spins out of control sometimes. So I have to eat a lot, but...it's hard. Just keeping things down. I can't sleep well, or often. The few times that I do are consumed by those nightmares." Fio shakes her head. "I'm sorry. I've just been going on and on about how horrible my life is, I don't mean to be depressing."
"I know that you've wanted to say those things for a long time."
She looks at me, almost disbelieving of what's in front of her. Slowly, she relaxes and comes to an understanding.
"You've been in those...kinds of dark places, too. That's why you're so...so calm and accepting. So compassionate."
"It must be so."
"It is. It is so, it has to be. I just...I'm so glad that we met today. I'm so happy that I got to speak to someone, and that they understood and cared about me in such a short time."
"Is there something you wish for?"
"There is...but I..." Fio pauses. "It's not the right time, I think. I just want to see you again, Lili. One day soon."
"I'm going to be coming by for the next while. Training in the open is refreshing, and I like to soak in the springs to relax afterwards."
"Then I'll be right here, so that you can find me again."
"Of course." I take one of her hands and kiss it gently. "It was truly a pleasure meeting you, Fio."
"T-the pleasure is all mine, Lili. Thank you...for everything."
I nod and make my way out of the small pool, wrapping myself up in the towel again. Fio gives me a smile and a small wave, and I wave back before leaving. Since I think I've soaked enough for now, I should head up to my room. A few treats brought up would be nice...
"Mission's come in. The Sand will be expecting you about three days from now," Shikaku says. We're in his office again, looking over the scroll with the fleshed out details. I've done all of the background preparations, so this was the last piece we were waiting for to come in.
It's been about two days since I met with Fio. I didn't expect to be thinking about her so often, but I am. I wonder what it is about her. There are plenty of cute faces around, but hers stands out the most. And to be honest, she's not usually my type. Maybe I could work up a liking for very thin girls, but I don't think I'll need to. Tsunade would be willing to help her out if I simply asked, getting back into shape and all of that.
I'm...really putting a lot of thought into this. I do want to help her, but maybe it's more...more...hm.
"Something on your mind?"
"Ah. Apologies, Shikaku. Yes, I was thinking of something personal. You know how I am."
"Heh. More ladies on the brain, then."
"A particular one I met the other day," I say to him. "It's so unlike me. She's been on my mind the past while."
"Well, who knows. Could be a signal that you're ready to settle down."
"Ha. As if someone like me could do such a thing. Like I said, you know how I am."
"You shouldn't have such a low estimation of yourself," he says as he hands me the mission scroll. "I know how you are, yes. You've got a heart of gold in there."
"Underneath a few thick coats of blood." I sigh. "Don't worry about me, I won't get too introspective in public. I have a reputation to maintain, and people to bully. It's an art form, that."
"There's the Lili we know. I was worried for a second."
"Romance can make fools of us all. You're intimate with that much."
He silently puts up his hands and I laugh in response.
"Tell Yoshino I said hello. And give your boy the usual line from me."
"Aye. Good luck, Lili. Come back safe."
"Always," I say with a wink.
Luna is out with Midori again, so I'm left to pack on my own. Some dry snacks for the trip up, milk tucked into one of those thermal bags to keep it cold a while, and reading material for settling into bed at nights. If I time it right, I might be able to make the trip in two and a half days instead of three. We'll see how it goes.
I take my shower, eat, and then fall asleep on the couch.
Morning comes a touch early and I have to take a few more minutes to wake up. I work on my makeup as soon as my head is clear, take care of my hair, and find my regular outfit. My beautifully sturdy black sweater that held up against Sasuke's attacks, as well as the blow back from my own. I'll order another one soon, maybe in red this time.
One more turn in the mirror and making sure my socks are on right, sandals on, hair ready, everything packed. I shoulder my bag and nod to my reflection before starting off. After locking the door, I jump down the staircase and start my jog through the Leaf. Those two should be coming along the usual route by now.
"Hey, there she is." Kurenai spots me and I slow down a bit to let her and Hina run alongside me.
"Good morning, ladies. How are we feeling today?"
"Great. No problems to report. You take care on this mission, alright?"
"I have a feeling that there might be more to this than meets the eye," Hina says. "Please be careful, Lili."
"I'll keep my eyes open for any abnormalities. But I've been preparing for these things the past few days. If anything does happen, you'll know."
"Got it. See you soon."
"Good luck, Lili."
"Thank you both." I kiss them both on the cheeks. "Until the next, loves."
With that, I accelerate and turn towards the village's main gate.
"Another adventure, then. By myself, this time...hm. It will be nice to see Temari again, but let's see what the Hidden Sand has in store for me. I'm sure it will be amusing, at the least."
I turn my wrist over to look at my watch. Still early.
"Hmm..."
Well, this is a good time to tweak some things. We can see just how much speed I've gained lately.
"I'm sorry...I can't let you in without verifying your identity with the-"
"Oh for fuck's sake. I gave you everything needed."
"I'm sorry, ma'am. Those are the rules."
I huff and cross my arms.
It's night in the Hidden Sand. Some idiot is telling me that I can't enter the village and have to wait for someone else to verify my identity. This is the second night since leaving the Leaf, so I've made it across in less than two days. The speed I travelled at was much faster than normal, but still comfortable. It's possible to make the trip at an even faster rate than this without ending up exhausted. Maybe I should try it on the way back.
"You have got to be kidding me. Seriously..."
I hear a familiar voice as I wait.
"Oh, hell. It really is you."
"It's lovely to see you again, Temari."
"You're a sight for sore eyes yourself, but I'm sure you knew that. Welcome to the Hidden Sand," Temari says with a smile. Her hair is let down for the night, and she's wearing a fancy robe over her nightgown. Two shinobi have escorted her here.
"I'm sorry to bother you so late."
"You don't need to apologize for that. Well, maybe for coming in so fast. Hey, what the hell's going on?" she asks the shinobi who stopped me first. "You have the papers and everything, right?"
"The Council said not to let anyone through without verifying it again, ma'am."
"God, those useless old fucks. Let me guess, the accommodations aren't set up either."
"No, ma'am. That was supposed to start tomorrow."
"Yeah, useless. Listen, I'm taking over now, give me the stuff and tell the Council what's happening. She's staying at the mansion with me."
"Lady Temari-"
"Shut up and do what I tell you. It's ten at night, I don't need this on my head. Go already."
"Yes, ma'am." He takes off towards the village.
"C'mon, Red. Like I said, you can make yourself at home with us. Just don't make too much of a mess. Or get fresh with me after five in the evening."
"Why five in the evening?" I ask.
"If I tell you, you'll take advantage of it," she says with a grin. "You can live with ogling me in the mornings."
"I very well can, yes."
She pats me on the shoulder. "That's what I like to hear. I wasn't asleep yet, but I was about to get there after some reading. The boys are resting up, they've got stuff to do early tomorrow. Need some tea or anything?"
"Nothing like that. I think I should follow your lead and get ready for bed."
"Got it. Alright, let's get going. And sorry again, those meddlers just wanted to get inside your head. Sucks that we won't get to see their faces when that kid tells them you made the trip over in two days. You're definitely something else."
"Naturally. It's why you adore me so much."
"I adore you for saving my life ten times over."
"What about my good looks?"
"Sleep sounds good, doesn't it?"
"No need to be shy, Temari. I won't bite you for your answer. Well, unless you ask."
"Already regretting not shoving you in a hotel. Dirty old man in a girl's body."
"Yes, I know that you love me dearly."
She shakes her head as we leave for the village proper. The Hidden Sand, at last.
Time to start our little adventure.


Chapter 70
Scarlet Justice - ep. 70"Atomic Energy"[Hidden Sand Joint Mission: Prologue]
I wake up to the smell of eggs.
"Hey. Gaara made all this for us before he left. Weird kid."
I join Temari at the large and finely crafted meal table in the dining room. This certainly looks like a village head's home. The crystal bowl in front of us is filled with scrambled eggs, dotted with crystals of salt and pepper. There are also some other spices mixed in there as I take a few spoonfuls and drop them onto my plate.
"This is a typical morning. I might mention something offhand about how I'd like an omelette for breakfast, for example. He'll get up and make a couple. That's how he is."
"It's nothing like what I'm thinking, hopefully."
"Nope, nothing like that. He genuinely likes doing this stuff for us. Definitely changed a whole lot since the exams and coming back home. I was worried about him doing too much and trying to like, make up for all the stuff he did. But he's been taking care of himself, working hard on missions, doing his best to be helpful. The old memories don't just go away, though."
"Yes." I take up a forkful of eggs and chew. Delicious.
"He doesn't have the trust of everyone yet, and the old losers on the council are trying to take advantage of him. It only makes sense. He spent a long time terrorizing the village and being a huge menace to society. People are coming around here and there, but it'll be a long road. He understands, though. And I'll be here for him."
"As long as you don't smother him too much."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"I mean that older sisters have a tendency to be overprotective."
Temari rolls her eyes. "What the hell? Why wouldn't I want to protect my little brother?"
"Why, indeed."
"You're a weirdo, you know that?"
"Mm."
"How are the eggs?"
"Superb."
"Right. Anyone who can cook like this is worth protecting."
I smile as she sips her tea.
We take a walk through the village and towards the designated meeting place for the council meeting. The Hidden Sand looks about as I expected it to look: a village divided between the elite and impoverished, so starkly that you can tell who's well off and who isn't by glancing at them. The working class is, as usual, trapped in the middle, working towards a future that is greedily siphoned away by the rich each day.
"It's gotten a bit worse since my father died," Temari says. She has a new outfit on today, with much more purple all around. The pink sash is a nice touch as well. Very elegant. "Not much we can do about it. He was barely keeping us above water on his own, and Gaara was part of his whole schtick to create elite soldiers so that we could raise funds faster on better paying missions. But you saw how that went."
"Mm."
"I'm one of the people running point right now. Not as the village head, of course. Funny thing is...well, you know what I was saying about Gaara at breakfast?"
"Yes."
"He's at the top of the list for successors. By a mile."
"You don't say. I suppose that aside from you, he's the strongest shinobi in this village. Or at the least, has the potential to be."
"Yep. Already got his promotion to chuunin based on that. Speaking of promotions, I don't know exactly how to react to the fact that you're a jounin now. It didn't register until I woke up this morning. I knew you were pretty skilled, but holy shit. Congratulations, by the way."
"Thank you. What about you?"
"Chuunin. Got my wings the moment they found my dad, they were that eager to turn things around. I take it they would have promoted me anyways, but all the official stuff...that needed some clearance that you don't just get based on people's word. You probably know about that by now, though. So I don't have to tell you not to get intimidated by a bunch of old men sitting in a circle and glaring at you."
"I have enough experience with that. Being leered at by fossils."
"Hoh. Then this should be cake for you. Oh yeah...what about that thing a month or two ago? The kidnapping?"
"You mean with Sasuke."
"Yeah."
"It's been resolved." The information is supposed to be classified, but...well, Temari put herself out there for me a few times already. She's worthy of trust. "There are some interesting details."
"No kidding. You'd think that they would be celebrating the guys who chased him and that Sakura girl down, but it's basically been nothing. You weren't involved, were you?"
"As a matter of fact, I was. The data is supposed to be kept close to our chests, but I was running point."
"So you've been jounin for a while longer than I thought. But why would they...?"
"The kidnapping story was a cover. Orochimaru tempted Sasuke before his death, and it led to...that incident."
Temari blinks and starts to process what I've been telling her. Her eyes widen and she looks at me with sympathy. "Oh, god. Oh, Lili...sweetie, you can't be serious. They did that to you?"
"It's not something that would reflect well on the village, so...that's largely why we covered it up. There was time to, and it lined up with the invasion of the Sound..."
She shakes her head. "That's so...I mean, did they give you anything for it?"
"A big enough bribe. But that's it. Our involvement has been redacted."
"That's bullshit...I don't know how I would handle something like that happening to me. Not well, obviously, but..."
"The less I tell you about their arrangements, the better."
"Yeah, I don't want to spend the whole day pissed off. You're a real trooper, you know that?"
"It's been said enough times."
"Clearly not."
We make it to our destination, a building with a luxurious looking front and several guards outside. They bow at the sight of Temari and allow us inside, where we're escorted by a Sand kunoichi to the meeting room. It's as I expected: a bunch of men sitting around a circular conference table with an opening in one section. Temari nods to me and takes her seat. The sensei I saw during the exams - Baki, if I remember correctly - is here as well. The men all have those head coverings that are both fashionable and practical in this desert climate, but they also have the look of snobs. I'm sick of them already.
"Welcome to the Hidden Sand," Baki says. "We decided to have our meeting here for various logistical reasons."
"They decided you weren't worthy enough to stand in front of the statues of the past Kazekage," Temari says lazily.
"Temari, please."
"What. It's the truth. Let's not bullshit the people who are here to help us in our hour of need, sensei."
"..." Baki sighs and nods. "That much is reasonable."
"Your customs are your own," I say politely. "If it is more pleasing and comfortable that you observe them, then I can accomodate you. This goes for the mission as well. I'll make an attempt to grant the wishes of the Sand, within reason."
"Within reason? And who are you to say something like that?" one of the old idiots asks.
"Well...much more than a simple guest, I would say."
"You're certainly haughty for someone who hasn't reached puberty."
"That makes two of us, then."
Temari stifles a laugh and Baki coughs.
"You've got some-"
"More than just some nerve. Let's get things started, since we've decided to discard civility early on," I say, interrupting a potato-shaped old blob. "According to my schedule, the mission is set for tomorrow. Reconnaissance for the area around Mitsurin District, more specifically."
"Something like that," another old idiot answers from directly ahead of me, at the other end of the room. "You'll be sent out with a team of fine young kunoichi. Their jounin instructors are out on missions of their own and won't be back for a while."
"Not an issue. I can babysit for a few days." There's something else coming, of course. Not like these fools could resist. Temari catches my eye, and she makes a face while nodding towards Baki. Baki in turn traces a shape on the paper in front of him with a finger. I raise a brow and don't indicate an answer either way. It's going to depend on what comes next.
"Babysitting. Is that what you call it?"
"I don't know. You are aware that I'm a jounin and have other things that I could be doing, are you not?"
"Well. Seeing as you're doing such a good deed by babysitting our young shinobi, I'm sure you can spare a bit more kindness to a village that's currently...down on its luck."
"I did say I would grant your wishes within reason. What would you like from me?"
It's a simple thing, really. The Sand paid certain officials under the table to secure this mission on several levels: top level personnel, mission conditions, and information restrictions. Knowing this, I know what's going to come up next, and I know exactly what I'm going to ask for in exchange.
"We would like for you to waive your rights to the mission rewards, and other associated earnings that might come along. It's been discussed on the upper levels between the two villages. We can compensate the Leaf in other ways, of which you are free to choose."
Predictable. "In the interests of stronger bonds between our two villages, I can accept that with a condition attached."
"What might that condition be?" Baki asks curiously.
"There's an interesting piece of property called Sawano Point, to the south of this village. The value would come in at far less than this...B-Rank mission, I believe. I'll add about twenty percent onto the mission pay for each of my three companions, as a show of good faith."
"Sawano Point? Out of the question," the potato says firmly.
I shrug. "Minami Station, then."
"That's also-"
"Neither of those are off limits, actually. I talked to the Sugita House before I got here. Now, you've got a few options at this point. You let me stake my claim on the unlisted, unconfirmed reward at the end of this mission, which doesn't seem ideal for many, many reasons," I say as sweetly as possible. "You can give me Sawano Point and Minami Station, or choose one of them - they'll be in the hands of the Leaf at that point, which is more comfortable for you lot. Or...I can turn around and go home, leaving you to complete this mission on your own. That doesn't sound ideal, especially because I'll have free reign to arrange purchases with the Sugita Family and take those precious pieces of land right from under you."
The room is silent enough that I can hear everyone's breathing.
"Let's be clear, here. The only option you really have is deciding how sore I'm going to leave you at the end of this little escapade. So make it easier on yourselves, and choose what you're going to give up before this mission starts."
"What'd I tell you?" Temari says, leaning back in her chair. "I said to prepare something for when Leaf came around with a counter. Of course, you also chose to fuck around with the actual Scarlet Viper - who you knew about already - so there really wasn't anything I could do for you."
"Gentlemen, we should prepare an offer in good faith while we have time," Baki says. "The mission to Mitsurin District is of great importance and time-sensitive, which is why we asked for this level of assistance in the first place, and assembled a team with a particular set of skills. This is crucial for the future of the village."
"It means stop dicking around and make the lady a good offer," Temari adds.
"Temari..."
She waves him off and he sighs.
There's muttering between the group of petty old men for a while, and I wait patiently. Temari makes a strangling motion towards herself and Baki tries to scold her with a stern expression from afar.
"Sawano Point, then," the prepubescent one from earlier announces. "Along with a thirty percent bonus for the mission."
"Fine time to find your balls," I shoot back. "Twenty five."
He grits his teeth before nodding.
"Rest assured, your little ones will be in good hands. Thank you very much for granting me an audience with you," I say with a bow. Temari and Baki follow me out of the room, and we gather together.
"You could have been gentle in there," Temari says as the door closes behind us.
"I could have, yes."
She shakes her head. "Well, I can't blame you either way. I'd praise you, but it might get sensei hot under the collar."
"Forceful negotiation like that is an art form in and of itself. Clearly, we were unprepared for the caliber of shinobi we had called on," Baki admits. "While I won't say something like 'well done', I can't exactly be angry with your actions earlier."
"That much will do."
"Piece of work, eh?" Temari says with a smile.
"Indeed." Baki hands me a scroll. "The relevant data and profiles for your team, as well as the meeting place. Equipment is listed. I don't know if you need any extra data, but just ask and it will be provided as soon as possible."
I open the scroll and scan it quickly. "I should have everything I need. The threat level from the bandit groups hasn't changed, has it?"
"Not according to reports. There may be one or two camps in the vicinity, you'll know them when you're within range. Ideally we shouldn't need to engage, simply move in and collect the necessary samples, record data, and then return to the village. But of course, everything is at your discretion."
"One of the things you gave up for the sake of the mission's success," I say.
"Yes."
I close the scroll and put it into my back pouch. "Then I won't abuse your faith in me. Prepare a team or two to dispose of corpses just in case. We can't be too complacent in these times."
"I heard from Temari that you had a dry sense of humour at times."
I shrug. "She's not wrong about that."
"Try not to harass your team members too much while you're out," Temari says, smirking. "Though...I guess I should be telling you to watch out yourself."
"Oh?"
"It's better if I leave it as a surprise. Good luck, Red. I'll have Gaara cook us something nice for when you get back."
"Are you sure that's wise?" Baki asks.
"There's nothing wrong with Gaara's cooking. And I'm not abusing him, if you're implying something. Big sisters should be encouraging, yeah?"
He sighs. "We will see you later, Captain Kobayashi. Please be well."
"Of course."
I leave at the same time they head back into the conference room. Everything is settled, so...it's time to meet my team. I wonder what Temari was getting at, exactly. Another girl like me, maybe. Hm. I wonder what that will be like.
"They should be gathering in that spot very soon."
I've decided to get a good look at my team before formally meeting them, using a nearby roof as a vantage point. My legs dangle comfortably off the edge as I wait. From memorizing the scroll earlier, I have a good idea of what our combat capabilities are. We should be quite safe at many different ranges, and there are a number of useful skills at our disposal. Combat should be trivial for the most part. I just have to take their personalities into account.
A team with four girls sounds nice, though. Hopefully my temporary teammates are cute.
The first girl arrives at our meeting place, which is in front of a local delicatessen. She smartly double checks her equipment and glances at one of the big clocks nearby before letting out a breath. A bench is nearby and she takes a seat. Comfortably early and organized. She has fair skin and dark hair, tied into two tails that go behind her back. The tips are dark green, an interesting combination that reminds me of someone I've seen before. Her outfit consists of a close-fitting black top with no back or sleeves, a white sash around her waist, and dark leggings.
"..."
I can't shake the fact that I've seen someone like her before. Well, the most important part is that she's a beauty. Hopefully we get along well. I watch as she smiles and waves to someone she knows, her brown eyes sparkling in the light.
The next girl hurries along towards the first, and they share a hug after meeting each other. From her movements, I can tell that she's on the shy side. Those types are fun to tease sometimes, but with this being another village, I can't go too far. This one has messy, light brown hair that runs over her shoulders. Her eyes are a dull red, which is an alluring feature in itself...and that kimono of hers, or what looks like one at least, is novel. Her hands are completely hidden by the long sleeves, which gives away her identity to me based on the mission data.
"..."
The designated meeting time is nearly here. The third member is...
"Wow, wow, wow! Looking real good!"
"Makoto! Stop flirting and get over here!" the first girl yells.
"Sorry~! Couldn't help myself!"
A girl on the taller side rubs the back of her head sheepishly as she approaches the other two. Her hair is dark brown, the same as her eyes, and is tied back into a ponytail. I can clearly see that her skin is tanned, due to the fact that she's wearing essentially nothing on her upper half. Just the village's standard combat vest and wrappings around her chest. Not that I have an issue with that sort of thing, I mean. Certainly a visual treat. Very bold, though. The miniskirt is an interesting touch too, and I can see as she shifts that there are shorts underneath. A genuine tomboy then, complete with some visible muscle on her arms and legs. Interesting.
Since everyone's assembled by now, and on time for the most part, I think I should make my appearance. I body flicker down to the street and approach casually from a visible spot in the marketplace.
"Is...that her?" the first girl asks. "Baki-sensei said that she had red hair."
"Huh? Aiko, there's no way that midget...I mean, she's a hottie, but..."
"Makoto, hush."
"Are we ready for our trip down south, ladies?" I ask as I stop in front of them.
"We...we should be," the second girl says quietly. "Are you the sensei that's...leading us?"
"I am. Please, allow me to introduce myself properly. I am your mission leader, and jounin of the Hidden Leaf Village, Lilith Kobayashi." I give the girls a respectful bow. "Address me as you feel comfortable, but Lili is perfectly fine."
"It's very nice to meet you, Captain Kobayashi. My name's Aiko Mishoto, a genin of the Hidden Sand." Aiko smiles and bows politely.
"My name is Suketsune Temko...also a genin of the Hidden Sand Village. It's nice to meet you, Captain Kobayashi, ma'am." Suketsune puts her sleeved hands together and bows.
"Makoto Hibana, genin. Hi." She lazily waves at me.
"Makoto, seriously. Be polite," Aiko scolds.
"So, Lili, how long have you been at this shinobi thing?" Makoto asks. I have to wonder what it is I did or said in this short time. Her tone has changed considerably, and there's very little of that playful air from before.
"I would have to say about a year and a half now, give or take. Why do you ask?"
"Oh, interesting. I guess that's longer than most people would last after buying their way in with daddy's money."
"Makoto! What are you doing?" Aiko asks, horrified.
"..." I say nothing and let Makoto continue.
"I'm not doing anything. I just, you know, wanted to see how much experience the princess here has before she leads us into danger. Money's no substitute for skill, you and I know that well enough, Aiko."
Some sort of personal issue with wealthy people. From what Temari's shown me, I don't have much reason to question their resentment. I'm not deserving of that scorn, but...it might be for the best to let this go. At least for now.
"Cryin' shame," she mutters to herself. "Someone that good looking..."
"Captain, I'm sorry about that. Makoto, she-"
I raise my hands towards Aiko. "It's fine. I don't understand the reasons for it, but I'll let it go."
"You don't have to worry about me flying off the handle, Captain," Makoto says with a biting tone. "The mission is the mission, and this is for the village. For all the people who don't have enough to get by."
"Makoto...please, it's enough," Suketsune pleads gently.
"Yeah. Sure, I get it."
Makoto is too...expressive to lie about her intentions. She wants to get to the mission and complete it. It's possible that these three were told something else aside from what was in the mission request, but that's not any of my business right now.
"We'll do final equipment checks and then go over mission protocol. Our destination will be about a day and a half away at normal operating speed. Let's begin, ladies."
"Ma'am," they reply in unison.
I finish looking over the equipment, explain the mission details, and go over our routines. Aiko is paying attention as much as she can, while Suketsune quietly listens. Makoto puts her hands behind her head and closes her eyes. She's listening, of course, but still doing what she can to deny me some respect.
Of course, she can't resist cracking one eye open on occassion to check me out. No wonder Temari seemed so smug a few hours earlier...I could pass for a straight woman standing next to Makoto.
"Um, Captain?"
We've finished our small meeting and are ready to head off. Aiko gently leads me away from the rest of the group.
"Aiko, is something wrong?" As I look at her, something clicks. Ah, so she's...no wonder I kept thinking those things. She looks so much like her mother. But that's something we can talk about later, hopefully.
"I...just wanted to apologize for earlier. Listen, if there's anything-"
"Aiko, calm down. Alright? It's fine. I meant that. I'm not upset."
"Makoto...she had a hard life, and everything. I know it was wrong for her to do that, to just bully you because you came from money. I have a rich friend too, so..."
"Do you, now."
"Yeah. She helped me a lot after...a certain incident. Really, she's like my sister. Or, more than just like."
"I understand the feeling very well. I was born an only child, but gained quite a few sisters myself."
"Yeah? That's really nice to hear. So...um, if I can-"
"Aiko! Stop, seriously," I say with a smile. "I mean it, or I really will get upset this time. You have nothing to apologize for, nothing at all. Okay? Take it easy."
"Sorry."
"It's okay." I take her hand and pat it gently. "Makoto and I will deal with our personal problems in time, but I can tell they won't get in the way of the mission. If they do, well...I suppose you'll have reason to worry then. But," I say with a finger raised, "that will be dealt with at the promised time. So leave it be for now. Promise?"
"I promise, ma'am."
"Good."
"Everything alright over here?" Makoto says as she walks up to us. Her brown eyes move back and forth between myself and Aiko.
"Everything's fine," Aiko says. "I was just talking with Captain Kobayashi about the mission and stuff. Nothing to worry about, Makoto."
"Sure. If you say so, Aiko. We ready to go?" Makoto says as she looks at me.
"We're ready. All you have to do is follow my lead." I pause a moment. "You...don't know who I am, do you?"
"It won't matter who you are or might be if you hurt Aiko."
"Ah." I nod. "Understandable. It's alright, Miss Hibana. You'll learn in time. Shall we?"
She nods back, and we call Suketsune to us before taking off for the Sand's main entrance.


Chapter 71
Scarlet Justice - ep. 71"Gain Ground"[Hidden Sand Joint Mission: Departure]
We get our clearance and leave the village. It's a quiet affair as we travel through the desert, passing small villages and settlements along the way. The sun rises higher and higher in the sky until we decide to stop for a while and take shelter in the shade of some large rocky structures. Moving around in the heat is one thing, risking combat at high noon is another thing entirely. And while these girls have been raised in a desert environment, I don't want to put them in any sort of danger.
I pull water from the air near me into a small sphere, just to occupy myself, and keep it stable as I drink from it. A familiar shadow comes to my attention after a few minutes.
"You doing okay in this heat?"
"I am, yes."
Makoto crosses her arms as she looks at me. "Good. Wouldn't want you to overheat and collapse, or anything like that."
"Thank you for your concern."
She glances at the sphere of water in my hand for a moment before leaving. I sigh and shake my head. Stubborn girl.
Once it passes noon and the sun lowers itself in the sky, we begin to move again at a measured pace. Nomads and merchants walk down the few carved paths through the desert, or at least the ones that haven't been swallowed up by the shifting sands.
"..."
By now it's afternoon, and I can sense an unusually strong chakra in the area. Familiar, almost. I raise a hand and the group stops behind me.
"Keep close," I say simply.
"If it's something strong, we can handle it well enough," Makoto says. She has her weapons pop out from a scroll, two large kunai blades that look like they can be combined to make a scissor-like weapon. Makoto is a wind type, according to the data I have, meaning she can make good use of cutting attacks.
Suketsune readies herself; she's a poison user, primarily. Likely has multiple wrist-mounted weapons to launch poison, projectiles, or both. She also has a wind nature, useful for moving said poison to its target efficiently.
Aiko mainly uses ninjutsu, and she smartly readies her hands so that she can make seals as quickly as possible. And I'm certain that as that woman's daughter, her natures of fire and wind combine into something else entirely...
There are a few presences, but that larger one is unchanging...wait. I know this signature.
"Oi. It's been a while," I say as the other group stops close by.
"It has been. Lilith Kobayashi, isn't it..."
"You remembered me," I say to Gaara. He hasn't changed much, aside from the outfit that's more uniform on his body. A reddish-brown colour that suits him well. Maybe he got his fashion sense from the same place Temari did.
"It would be shameful to forget someone like you. Someone who changed my existence to this degree..."
"I'm flattered." It doesn't escape my notice that the girls are unnaturally quiet. Gaara's expression is neutral, but with a hint of apology hidden within. He understands that it will take a while before he's trusted in his home village. Even if it wasn't his fault that things turned out the way they did. "Breakfast was enjoyable this morning. You're quite the cook."
"I was under the impression that snakes enjoyed eggs."
I laugh. "So you have a sense of humour now? Very good. You're progressing nicely. The four of us here are heading to Mitsurin in the south. Any reports from that section?"
"None recently. Things seem to be largely unchanged."
"Understood. Have a safe journey, and tell Temari I'm thinking fondly of her."
"Of course. Good luck, Lilith."
"Thank you. And Lili is fine for the next time."
He nods and leaves with his team. I turn to face my own, watching as Suketsune catches her breath, Aiko relaxes, and Makoto grinds her teeth together.
"So you're friends with that psychopath too, huh. Aren't we full of surprises?" she says angrily. "But that's just like your kind, isn't it?"
"Makoto...that's too much," Aiko says.
"Suketsune's a wreck. You know exactly how frightened she is of Gaara. But whatever. Hope you enjoyed your friendly chat, Captain."
"Wait. Captain Kobayashi? How...do you know Gaara?" Aiko asks. "And you're acquainted with Lady Temari, too?"
"Temari helped me thwart the invasion of the Leaf all that time ago. We placed our faith in each other, and a friendship blossomed from there. As for Gaara, well...that was different. I merely showed him his place at the Chuunin Exams."
"The Exams...wait, that means..." Aiko's eyes widen. "You're...her? The Desert Storm?"
"No fuckin' way," Makoto yells. "There's no way-"
"It makes sense," Suketsune replies shakily. "The red hair, being a jounin...what happened to Gaara. She's the Scarlet Viper from Leaf..."
"What...?"
"Do you know who I am now?" I say with a menacing smile. "The Leaf's Crimson Nightmare herself. A woman of battle who carries many oppressive titles. You were right, Makoto. Money can't buy skill. It's earned in blood. And I've spilled quite a bit of it."
"..."
"I apologize for your discomfort earlier, but it would be quite rude to ignore someone that I know so intimately."
"Yeah. Gaara...isn't a bad person. He just made a lot of mistakes in his past. Things that he's been trying to make up for," Aiko says.
"It's fine. You don't need to apologize for disliking someone, or feeling like you can't completely trust them after things they've done in the past. Grieving is hard, and forgiveness can be as difficult as it is virtuous. Do we need some more time to recover?"
"Suketsune?" Aiko asks.
"I'm fine. Captain...thank you. I'm okay."
"You're sure, now."
"Yes, ma'am."
"Alright. Let's move on so we can get to our designated area and set up camp. I hope it hasn't been washed away by sand, at least..."
"The desert isn't quite that volatile, ma'am," Aiko points out.
"Oh? Educate me then, Miss Mishoto."
"You mean that?"
"Of course I do. Learning from someone who has experience in an area is a great honour, and quite invigorating."
"Invigorating...?"
"It means filled with energy," Suketsune says quietly. "Okichi says it when he's having a good time making weapons."
"Your clan is that of weapon smiths, no?" I ask her. "I was thinking that your family name sounded familiar."
"Yes, we are. I'm not much myself, but my older brother Okichi is a genius. And there's Yushiro too, he's older than me but younger than Okichi. He makes his own weapons for personal use, mainly, but they're really good as well. I'm surprised that you know of us..."
"She's a rich girl, so maybe she heard about your high quality weapons and junk," Makoto says dismissively as we move across the sand again. "Your weirdo brother, not so much."
"Makoto!"
"What. He's a weirdo, Aiko. Always giving me shit about how I handle my kunai blades. For fuck's sake, I clean them every chance I get."
"You know that's not what he means."
"I'm not gonna polish and sharpen my blades everyday."
"He said he would do it for you."
"No. I don't want him rebalancing my tools or whatever weird jank he does. Remember when he 'fixed' a set of my kunai? They were unusable-"
"You have an improper throwing arc," Suketsune points out.
"See what I mean? Like brother, like sister."
"Fumi-sensei has told you the same thing for months," Aiko says.
Well, at least they're all comfortable again.
We carry on through the day, with not much in the way of civilization along this route. My attention is focused mainly on looking out for any sudden threats, and monitoring team activities. Suketsune is her quiet self, while Aiko and Makoto speak quietly at what they think is a safe distance from me.
"You're ridiculous...talking to her like that in the first place, Makoto."
"Some snobby little brat comes up and talks to me like that, what was I supposed to do?"
"Not say anything, maybe." Aiko sighs. "And now we find out she's the Scarlet Viper. Do you have any idea what could have happened? I mean, she wouldn't be out of line to slap you. You're lucky she's a good person."
"Good? Her?"
"Yes, her. She's really nice and is obviously looking out for us."
"You're way too kind to people sometimes, Aiko. And someone like that, who comes from money...what would they know about our struggle? It's people like them that are responsible for the village being the way it is right now. You know it, and I know it. Not just the poverty, but you..."
"..."
"You've suffered the most because of them, Aiko."
"Yes. And I've also been healed by one of 'them'."
"Remi...she's different."
"Because you know her, and because you know how much I love her. She was there for me when nobody else was after...after Mom died and Dad left. People aren't automatically bad because they were born rich, just like people aren't automatically good because they're born poor. I know that you have your hangups, but...I think we should give Lili a chance."
"..."
"At least be nicer to her, Makoto."
"I'll think about it."
"Thanks. I mean that."
"Only because it's you, Aiko."
Aiko's mother...her too. And yet she turned out like she did, so full of warmth. Thinking about my journey, where I struggled to keep my head above water most days...that's some kind of strength she has.
"We can keep going until later in the night, or we can stop earlier and get some extra rest before we head out early in the morning. At this rate, we're making good time," I announce. There are quite a few sand dunes here, and we slide down them to conserve energy when possible.
"Let's stop early. It sounds better if we're refreshed before taking on the next half of the mission," Aiko suggests.
"What she said," Makoto follows up.
"I agree with them, Captain," Suketsune says.
"Then it's decided. We'll keep going a bit longer and then settle in for dinner. Any objections to me cooking?"
"Oh, the rich girl can cook? This oughta be good. By good, I mean-"
"Makoto, hush. Captain, I think it would be an honour if you cooked for us."
"I agree...thank you so much, Captain."
"Hmhm. It's no trouble at all," I say with a smile. "Oh, and I do have a lovely maid that cooks for me at home. Maybe one day I'll visit again and bring along some of her wonderful treats."
The sea of sand gives way to flatlands, with different sorts of crevices and layers of rock. The vivid reds and browns stand out against the blue sky, and we skip through a small canyon with plant life blooming in the solid walls around us. Water flows at our feet, with birds scattering at our arrival and settling in again as we move forward. We're carried back out into the sand again, watching the sun start to dip below the horizon and colour the skies.
"Desert sunsets are always lovely," I say to myself.
"One of my earliest memories was watching one of these with my mom," Aiko says to me. "It was a long time ago, though."
"My mother loved to take me out exploring in the wilderness. We would see all kinds of interesting things. At night we watched the stars and drew shapes in the sky with our hands."
"It's always precious spending time with family."
"It is."
Night comes and we find a place to stop. There's some brush, plants, and rocks for cover in case we need them. A few of them we move around to use as seats, circling the fire that Aiko makes and maintains as I prepare dinner. Unsealing fresh meat and seasoning it with herbs and spices is the first step to any good meal.
"This is soooo good!"
Today's meal is a simple steak, cooked with fresh herbs to medium-rare. Enjoyable for most everyone, and leaves room for further cooking if needed. Thankfully, everyone is happy with their food, Aiko especially. Makoto says very little but seems to be enjoying herself with the pace that she's eating. Suketsune is quietly appreciative. I've paired the steak with some flat bread and wild salad.
"I agree with Aiko...this is very good, ma'am," Suketsune says. "To be honest...I didn't think you could cook, because of what Makoto..."
"Well, it's not a necessity in the wilderness. There's a booming business for ready-made meals that you can open and heat on the go, and then you have the last resort..."
"Military rations," Aiko says. She sticks out her tongue and fake gags.
"They're free for shinobi, at least," Makoto points out.
"And there's a reason for that," Aiko counters. "Not to mention it's totally random what you get when you buy in bulk. The absolute worst is the one they call 'Meaty Feast'."
Hm. It reminds me a bit of what Aoko calls her dish, 'Meat Surprise'. The only difference is that her food is actually good - Crim brought over some the other day for lunch and insisted I try it. Little wonder he grew up so well. It's somewhat heavy and makes you want to go to sleep afterwards, that's how satisfying it is.
"I'll take first watch when we're done," Makoto announces. "Unless Captain Kobayashi here has any objections."
"None whatsoever. The other girls and I will decide the remaining spots between us."
"..." She means to say something else, but holds her tongue. "Yes'm. I'll be right back, then. Gonna do a walk of the perimeter."
I watch Makoto get up and dust herself off before walking into the distance.
"She's been acting weird ever since the mission started. It's not like her," Aiko says.
"I see."
"I'll talk to her when she gets back, see if I can do anything. But I think she's coming around, at least. You know, not trying to bite your head off and all."
"That much is appreciated," I say flatly. "I suppose I'll take last watch and make sure everyone's up in the morning."
"I'll take third watch. Suketsune, is that okay?"
"Yes, it's fine. I can follow up after Makoto."
"Don't let her push you around this time. When it comes time to switch, make sure you switch and she goes to bed."
"I-I'll try. She's...kind of scary at times, though."
Aiko sighs. "She puts on that kind of front when she thinks she can get away with it. Once you call her bluffs, she's not that hard to deal with."
"It sounds like you know your way around her," I say with a smile.
"Kinda have to. Makoto's a really great friend and teammate, but...definitely a handful at times. Um, just as a heads' up..."
"The girl could burn a hole through me if she stared any harder. It's alright, darling. I'm aware."
"It's not a problem, is it?"
I shrug. "I certainly don't object to it. Not to be too vain, but I do cut a stylish figure...it's only right that she sneaks a peek so often. Though it is kind of sad that we don't get along currently."
"Well...that's not wrong," Aiko says timidly.
"Mm?" I already had an idea about Aiko, but it's fun being a tease. "What isn't?"
"That you're, um...very attractive," she says while blushing.
I sigh dramatically. "'Tis a shame. You're cute, but taken."
"Taken? Um...I mean, that's not..."
"It's alright, I'm just having fun. But seriously, it's quite obvious. Very protective of you, and not averse to your scolding most of all. You have a comfortable sort of relationship. It's cute."
"...thanks."
"And of course, what we talk about out in the wilderness stays here, between us." I think a moment. "She...hasn't noticed, has she?"
"Way too busy crying to herself about how you're rich and some sort of evil witch because of it. Makoto can be all muscle at times," Aiko mutters. "You really would hit it off if she paid attention for five seconds."
"Such is life."
"Yeah. Anyways, dinner was super delicious! I've never eaten this good on a mission before. Do you do this all the time, Captain?"
"Most of the time. My teammates and sensei all have some skill in cooking. Some more than others, but we eat at least this well when we're out in the field."
"That's so awesome. I should learn how to make stuff like this for the future...hmm. Something for later. Oh, I'll clean up for us. Suketsune, you need time to do your checks, right?"
"Yes. Just a bit of tuning before bed. I hope that's alright, Captain?"
"Very much so. Whatever it takes for you to be in your best shape," I say.
"Thank you." She bows and shuffles off, presumably to take care of her hidden weapons and poisons. I wonder just how much she has on her, considering she has to recalibrate so often. Hm. I won't worry too much about it, she'll be fine.
Makoto quietly returns and everyone settles into their sleeping bags so that she can take first watch. I sleep soundly and wake a few minutes before my time to switch with Aiko comes.
"Captain?"
"I'm here. Looks like it's time to switch over," I say to Aiko.
"Did you sleep well?"
"I did. Very comfortably."
"Is it okay if...we talk for a while?"
"Something wrong?"
"Nothing, I just...thought it would be good to say a few things while it's just us. You know?"
"I might. Come, we'll find a place to sit." I get up and lead Aiko to a set of rocks nearby. Between the few wire traps set, my sensing ability, and the light of the fire, we should be safe. "Tell me what's wrong, dear."
"It's nothing, really...nothing bad. I guess."
"Hm." The desert is cool at night, in stark contrast to the day. I can just barely see my breaths in the air. "Your mother is Pakura. The hero of the Sand from a generation ago."
"How long did you know?"
"It came together shortly after we met. Even if it was long ago, I'm sorry for your loss. I can't claim to know her as well as you did, obviously. But she was a remarkable woman from what I've read of her. And heard directly."
"Yeah?" Aiko says, perking up. "From who?"
"Lord Hokage, Lady Tsunade...mainly them. They've spoken highly of her as a soldier and a stateswoman. Sharp tactical mind, incredible control of her bloodline limit, and a desire to create a peaceful world. Gentle and well loved in the Sand. A terrible loss for many, even if some reasons for mourning were less savoury than others."
"I really loved her. I...want to be just like her one day. Just as good as she was."
"You seem to be on your way. Have people told you that you're too nice sometimes?"
"Yeah. A lot, actually."
"Listen to them," I say as I look up at the starry sky. "But never let go of that kindness. Never change who you are at your core. We can evolve without throwing ourselves away."
"That's true." She pauses a while. "My mom...died protecting the village. It was about seven or eight years ago, I think. Gaara lost control of his tailed beast and fully transformed. My dad's name was...is...Sozen. Everything before then was good. We were happy. Dad was on a mission when that incident happened, and Mom was there so she hurried and tried to help out. They said her body was...destroyed beyond recognition," Aiko says sadly. "All they had left to give us was her headband. When Dad came back, he heard the news...I didn't understand. I didn't know where my mom was, and I kept asking. It drove him to madness along with everything else."
"Did he...?"
"No. He never hurt me phystcally. Could never work up the strength to try, so he just got drunk all the time and abandoned me. Left me at home to fend for myself...he'd get food from outside and leave it in the kitchen. Whenever he saw something that reminded him of Mom, or heard her name even...he would find a bottle and drink. Over and over. Crying and drinking. And I was all alone."
"I'm sorry, Aiko."
"It...got worse." She looks at me. "There was that night...he said he had a mission to go to, and that he wouldn't be back for a while. That last part was right, I guess. He hasn't come back since that day. My dad is a missing-nin now. Maybe he's dead. It's not likely since he was so strong, strong enough that the Fourth Kazekage trusted him with difficult missions before he got depressed. I don't know what he was thinking. He...I know he loved me. I just don't understand. I never understood a thing."
"How did you overcome it all?" I ask.
"I almost didn't. My uncle is Yusuke. He found me after my dad was declared missing by the Kazekage, and adopted me. That's my uncle on my mom's side. My dad...there's a lot I can't say to you about my dad, unfortunately."
"I understand perfectly well."
"Thank you. Uncle Yusuke did a lot for me, but I was still...all broken inside. Mom dying, Dad leaving...it was all too much. But then I met someone. Her name's Remi. Remi Sugita."
"Ah. It's a small world, isn't it? The beautiful daughter of the Sugita House, then...she's a sweet flower."
"You met Remi?"
"I had some things to take care of before formally taking on this mission. Yes, we had a brief exchange while I was at the mansion on business."
"Wow. Oh, but Remi's...you know. Straight."
"That much is fine. I don't lay claim to every woman on this earth, you know. Being able to view those heavenly creations called women, unfettered and in the light of the sun...that is satisfaction enough."
Aiko giggles. "You know, you sound like Makoto if she suddenly got really classy and stuff. I guess a refined lecher, maybe?"
"I suppose, if you must give it a common name. I vastly prefer to be called a 'connoisseur of cuties'."
"Oh my god, you're awful."
"I'm cultured! There's a difference. Anyways, it seems that you'll have to introduce me to Remi properly next time."
"For sure. Um...when you talked about your mom earlier, it sounded like..."
"Yes?"
Aiko looks at me sadly. "Like it was...past tense. Is your mom...?"
"She passed away. Nearly...six years ago now. A terrible illness that was never disclosed to me."
"I'm so sorry."
"I...watched her pass on. It was when I woke up that I saw her struggling. We held hands and she took her last breaths while holding onto me. I'll never forget that moment. That helplessness, everything that was taking over me. I loved my mother so much. After she died, my father took on her inheritance and we left that country in the west together. I saw many things that little girls shouldn't, at all hours of the day for many, many months. In a sense, my father was present but at the same time very far away. He never cared for me. Not from the moment I was born."
"Something like that...what do you mean, Lili?" Aiko asks.
"Do you remember the name I gave you, when we met?"
"Lilith Kobayashi."
"My current family name comes from my stepmother's side. It's because my father married into the family, so he could take control of the business - you would know it as Kobayashi Rice."
"Oh, wow. Is your dad at the top, then?"
"The chief executive officer. Something he's very proud of, clearly. Lilith...well, that name is a curse. It always has been."
"A...curse?"
"My father wanted a male heir above all else. Someone to properly follow him. He never wanted me, and I realize that now. I have yet to fully accept it within myself, and it's possible I never will. But he gave me that name for a purpose. A witch. A demon. A temptress, a deviant. He wanted to curse me so that I would suffer, first for being a woman, and secondly for being a nuisance."
"That's so terrible. What kind of person..."
"Such are the whims of mortals, Aiko. But my mother was a glorious woman. She found a blessing and gave it to me. Do you know what that blessing is?"
She thinks for a moment and scratches her head.
"You've said it once before. Think a bit longer, yes?"
"Hmm...a blessing. In a name...Lilith. Or, Lili...ah! Like the flower!"
"Mm-hm. That's exactly right."
"So Lili was what your mom called you...and I guess all of your precious people call you that too, right? Or at least the people you like. That's really beautiful." She frowns. "What's not beautiful is how your dad treats you. He sounds so awful."
"He doesn't approve of my career choice. Ironic, since he sent me off to become a kunoichi so that I could learn manners and respect."
"Good for you! You're a great kunoichi, so who cares what he thinks!" Aiko yells. Definitely fired up...but it makes sense she would be so disapproving of abuse, given what she went through. She's so precious. "What about your stepmom, is she treating you well?"
"She is, yes. We've come a long way since our first meeting, and she's very proud of me. Also, I thought she was straight until recently...turns out she likes both women and men. How to put it...hmm. Imagine Makoto, except she's even more vulgar, leers at boys too, and has a whole lot of money."
Aiko gasps. "Something like that...how do you even...?"
"I know, I know. I love her dearly, but that woman...she's a lot to handle sometimes. She's also tired of my father's antics, and has a child on the way. Hopefully she's staying out of trouble. My maid Luna and my big sister Midori are engaged."
"Oh...that's something. I think the only person I know who's out is Makoto, but she doesn't know how to be...in. Something like that. Does the village know?"
"Ah, they will soon enough. Plenty of big mouths in my village...one woman keeps thinking that I'll scoop up her daughter if she's not careful."
"Well...would you?"
"Mm...a treat to be sure, that one. I'll think about it a few years down the line."
Aiko shakes her head. "Sounds like she's got a good reason to worry. I bet a bunch of other people are hiding their daughters away from you too. I should warn Remi..."
"You make me out to be a villain," I say with mock outrage.
"You're way, way, way more dangerous than someone like Makoto. Can't take any chances."
"A compliment. My heart flutters, Aiko."
She laughs and we settle into a comfortable silence.
"We've both been through a lot...haven't we?" she says after a long while.
"We have been. And the journey continues."
"Yeah."
"I know that your mother is proud of you. She must come to you in your dreams from time to time."
Aiko looks at me with surprise. "How do you...does it happen to you, too?"
"Yes. They're precious moments."
"They...really are." She smiles and hugs herself. "I visit her memorial...and sometimes she comes to me and just holds me. Her warmth is there, like it's really her standing with me and holding me close. And that's why I can keep going, day after day. I'm going to become as great a kunoichi as she was. In my own way."
"Truly, it's the only way to go through life. That kind nature of yours will make a difference in many lives."
"I'll remember that."
"Well said. Now, as much as I would like to talk into the day with you...beautiful blossoms like you need your rest. I'll wake you at the promised time."
"Yes, ma'am. Good night."
"Good night, Aiko."
She kisses me gently on the cheek before smiling and heading towards her sleeping bag. I'm alone again, with the cool desert wind and a canvas of stars for company.
But even without those, I am never alone.
"Further...into the great beyond. I will become the woman you wished for me to be. Watch over me, Mom."


Chapter 72
Scarlet Justice - ep. 72"Trenchtown Rock"[Hidden Sand Joint Mission: Recon]
I gently wake everyone up, and we do equipment checks while having a light snack. Once we're ready to go, we erase our presence at the camp site and continue through the desert once more, travelling southward. Roads and paths become more visible and defined, meaning we're heading in the right direction. But the signs of civilization are...slow to develop.
"Have any of you been here before?" I ask.
"Never even heard of the place," Makoto answers from behind me.
"I've never heard of it either," Aiko says.
"No, not at all," Suketsune answers.
"Curious. It's supposedly an important area, but these homes leave much to be desired."
"Not all of us are fortunate enough to live in castles."
I roll my eyes. Makoto is getting tiresome, but it's not worth getting into it. "With enough resources at their disposal, people can build perfectly serviceable homes outside of village centres. I've seen many of them while out on missions. While Fire Country has a different economic situation in comparison to Wind Country, it doesn't excuse the quality and the state of these lodgings."
"So they're bandit homes," Makoto replies.
"That doesn't follow with modus operandi at all. The homes we're passing by are meant for individual use. Bandit bands tend to be more communal and mobile in nature. They've been abandoned."
"What does that mean for us?" Aiko asks.
"I don't have a clear idea. Just musings at this point. At any rate, our main job is reconnaissance. The rest will be left to other teams, presumably. Bandits and other unsavoury characters may be in the area, so stay alert. Anyone else, approach smartly. Do nothing unless you're truly in danger."
"Yes, ma'am," they all reply.
We head deeper into the area, which is now free of sand. The streets are fairly clear, with buildings very similar to that of the Hidden Sand in place. Simple, sturdy structures that can be modified to serve a variety of functions, and protect against the incoming dust storms and desert heat. They're in much better condition than the ones on the outskirts.
But it's too quiet. The number of people I can see has this place rivalling a ghost town. There are wagons moving to and fro, some covered up and loaded with mined material from what I can smell, with others containing furniture and personal effects. What's of interest is the town structure here, something like a large grid that clearly stretches back towards the main feature, and presumably the reason we're here: the mines. There are different resources that have come out of this place. One is gold, the other is water. Both top of the list when it comes to value, for different reasons.
"So. Where do we start looking, Captain?"
"..." I turn to Aiko. "Looking for what, exactly?"
"Here we go. Guess it was only a matter of time before our peerless leader here fucked up."
I turn and give Makoto the most exasperated look that I can muster, then hold it until she slowly starts to squirm. "Alright, alright. Sorry. I get it, so...could you stop?"
"Aiko," I say as I turn back to her, "what item are you searching for?"
"It's supposed to be a scroll. The location data is in three pieces. I have one, Makoto has one, and Suketsune has one. We're supposed to survey the area and then grab it from a section of one of the mines."
"I can only assume it's buried somewhere."
"Yeah, probably. They...didn't tell you about this part?"
"No."
"You don't seem mad about it."
I shrug. "I have no reason to be. That's just how business is done."
"I don't quite understand," Suketsune says. "Isn't it a problem if you don't know exactly what's going on with your team members?"
"At times, yes. But this is a natural consequence of working as a shinobi, especially in cross-village missions. Your superiors have no obligation to tell me everything that is going on," I explain. "It might be important information that needs to be kept secret at all costs. Even teammates from the same village might have concealed motivations, depending on what type of mission it is. They're usually A or S class missions, if they're even listed publicly. ANBU have a complex web of things to consider each time they're in the field."
"That doesn't explain why you're not pissed off that we kept you out of the loop," Makoto says.
"I'm extending courtesy to you and your village. Again, this is just how business is conducted. You have things that you wish to keep hidden, and if it doesn't put us in danger or compromise the integrity of the mission, then it's perfectly fine. This sub-mission qualifies."
"I see. It's...kind of mean. But I get it. Some things have to be kept secret," Aiko says.
"The other reason I'm letting it go is because I have a lot of latitude to make my own decisions, as a Leaf elite. In other words, I have my own reasons to let you carry on as you wish."
"You know what I'm sick of? Your tough talk," Makoto says as she crosses her arms. "Don't act like you know everything and have us all figured out. You're just a kid like the rest of us, no matter how strong you might be."
I sigh and run a hand through my hair slowly. "Let's simplify this for you, Miss Hibana. You have access to at least two of the Eight Inner Gates. Suketsune has poison sprayers mounted on her wrists, and none of the formulas she has mixed are lethal in nature. And Aiko has access to two bloodline limits, one of them being Scorch Release."
"Oh..." Suketsune covers her mouth.
"We...never told you any of that. And it wouldn't have been listed in the mission data, Fumi-sensei said as much," Aiko says.
"Observation and deduction," I reply. "Simple things. Things that most shinobi of my level could figure out within a day or two. That is why I'm so relaxed. Do you remember how Gaara terrified the three of you? I crushed him. I tore him apart, I stood over him and told him how stupid he was, and I didn't take a scratch from him the entire time. Who are you three in comparison? If he was a delicious meal, you would barely be a snack put together."
"Sorry, Captain."
"It's fine, Aiko. You didn't do anything wrong. Now, I hope you've learned a bit more about the world today, and will take strides to apply that knowledge in the future." I check my time piece and nod. "You may set out to complete your tasks, ladies. How long will you need?"
"About two hours," Aiko says.
"Good. This will be our rendezvous point. We will meet here in about two hours and fifteen minutes from now. I will be conducting my own surveys, and from there I will relay everything I've learned to you. Any questions?"
"Yeah. Where will you be?" Makoto asks.
"I'm going to check what's marked as the district perimeter, the state of the supply chain, and the area's water supply. If reports are to believed, a notable amount of the fresh water at this spring is being exported a short distance for military and industrial purposes."
"Oh. Alright."
"Hurry along, then. Be sure to observe best practices." I wave at them and they look at each other for a moment before starting off. Not a completely unexpected development, this. I always considered that there would be an item or two to bring back, and that it would be done under my nose. But not informing me of this development was definitely done as a test.
There's nothing so important in that mine that I need to follow those three and compromise myself, like the Sand higher-ups seem to want. No, what's important is what I'm watching unfold in front of me. This town is being cleared out. Evacuated, most likely. A time sensitive mission to the mines...they didn't have Gaara come back on his return trip, either.
"The game they're playing is almost cute," I say as I move towards the town limits. Nothing much to see, just dusty land and uninhabitable space. Supplies are moving back and forth, enough to keep the dwindling number of people from starving but not much more than that. As for the water, the reservoir is operational from what I can see of it. It looks fine enough, but one can't tell from just looking.
"Oi! Kid, you need something?"
There's an old man in a boat, wearing some kind of wet suit or something similar. He's in the middle of the reservoir currently.
"I'm here on a mission, ossan."
"Come on over, then." He removes his hat and wipes at his bald head with a towel before returning it.
"Okay." I easily walk across the calm waters to where he is, and stop outside of the small boat. There's plenty of equipment in there.
"Soon as you started your walk, I knew you were the real thing. We're down south, so not too many enemy shinobi would come around here to murder an old man that helps move water around. Anyways, kid. You're from Leaf, so I'm guessing some kind of joint operation is going on." The old man scoops water into a bottle and places it along with several others.
"That's correct. General reconnaissance, so I've been told."
"Yeah, go figure. Weirdos in Hidden Sand always have something to hide. There's room if you wanna come in, kid."
"Thank you." I hop into the boat and sit across from him as he writes down notes. Rough hands like that of a man who has worked his whole life, but deft with his pen nonetheless.
"You come alone?"
"My colleagues are retrieving an item of importance."
"Figured as much. Ah, there were a couple of noisy ones in the other day. Some fellow in a trench coat or something like that, I don't know. Heard he was foaming at the mouth over our weapons cache, inferior quality this and shoddy craftsmanship that. They passed through and left."
"I've noticed people packing up and leaving town," I say.
"Yeah, that's been going on for a few weeks. Naturally, we don't know exactly why. I'm gonna be here until they get all the water out of the reservoir and then blow it to bits. Probably gonna have it pumped out and moved to a military base, something like that. Up north."
"Wary of the Hidden Rock."
"Among other things. I'm guessing more drilling for gold, too. You know, this place had its fate sealed once they figured that there wasn't any gold left. Other minerals for sure, but gold is what keeps things moving. Big businesses left, small businesses closed down and relocated...they got a little payment from the big village to move somewhere else, but who knows if it'll be enough. Anyways, there's probably one or two more things of value lying around that the shinobi need to scoop up, then we'll be pretty much on our own aside from the patrols, border and internal."
"Hm."
"It's nothing to worry about at this point. I got a contact in Fire Country that says they're looking for experienced guys to run some of the dams and reservoirs they have all over. Pays pretty good, too."
"Homes are very affordable in the countryside. Commuting is fairly easy," I say.
"Sounds good. At this rate, half a year at most before we shut everything down."
"..." I have to wonder why this mission was declared 'time sensitive'. Something is missing, clearly. "Have you heard any rumours, ossan?"
"Nothing too big. Usual noise about Hidden Rock infiltration and the like," he says while shaking his head. "That's why they have me out here six times a day checking the water. Real pain in the ass. But if this is what they want to spend their money on, I say have at it. I'll take my money and be quiet about it. Ah..."
"Did you remember something?"
"Yeah, there was something that stood out. Couple of guys came by last month or so to survey the town, something about fire hazards and structural integrity. Things we only worry about a little out here in the desert."
"Fires are less likely to spark on their own with this reservoir present. Small climate changes," I say.
"Yeah, good eye on you." He finishes with his notes and puts them into a waterproof bag. "You're no ordinary kid. What's your rank?"
"Jounin, sir."
"Captain?"
"Yes."
He nods. "Keep up the good work. And you know, the usual. Watch your back out there. I'm probably saying that because you remind me of my daughter. Small thing, on the quiet side. Married a banker and they live out in, uh...Tanazku Quarter. So I should be able to visit after getting that new job. Her eyes are sharp, so's her tongue."
"Yes, that sounds a lot like me."
"Does it?" he says with a laugh. "That's good. Girls like you are what make the world turn. You need anything else from me?"
"Nothing. Thank you very much for your help, ossan. Please be safe," I say as I bow my head to him.
"You too, kid. Thanks for dropping by."
I hop out of the boat and back onto the water, walking across the reservoir and towards town again. There's still some time before the rendezvous. Maybe I should eat something.
"Welcome back, ladies."
The group returns ahead of schedule, a small bit dirtier than before, but otherwise fine. Makoto is carrying a large scroll on her back, marked with a visible seal that would prevent unauthorized persons from opening it. That's fair enough, I suppose.
So...do I tell them what's going on, or not? Let's test a few things first.
"As far as I can tell, everything is normal. The people have been gently encouraged to move out of town by the Hidden Sand. It's going to be a lengthy process, to be sure."
"How come they're moving?" Aiko asks.
"Classified. Money was offered, so that's enough to shut most people up, but the full details as to the reason for the move were never disclosed. It may also have to do with the depletion of gold ore in the area."
"Sounds about right. People go where the money is," Makoto says.
"Yes. Other than that, and some rumours about infiltration and the like, we should be fine." I lift up a bag in my hand. "Chicken fried rice. I figured the three of you would be hungry upon your return."
"Aren't we supposed to head back?" Makoto asks.
"Are we? That's not what I have as part of my mission detail, but I wasn't exactly informed of your item retrieval," I say to her. "In any case, it's up to me how long we stay here and take notes on the state of the area. I intend to stay until the next morning, since the nearby inn is functional and still taking visitors."
"Captain Kobayashi is our mission leader, and...she's taken good care of us so far," Suketsune says. "I think we should do as she says..."
"Yeah, I agree. Besides, if there was a rush to get back, Captain would have been told as well," Aiko points out. "I think it's okay."
"Are there any characteristics of that scroll that I need to worry about?" I ask Makoto.
"None that I can think of...but how come we all got different orders? This makes no sense," Makoto says.
"I assume it was to protect their assets, as I mentioned before. It's nothing to worry about too much. Come, you three should eat. Then we'll spend time talking about what we've seen today."
There's a fixed table and chairs outside of a now closed restaurant. We sit together, and I have myself a yogurt while the girls eat from their paper boxes.
Orders to move as soon as the scroll was found, then. Combining that with what the old man mentioned...it's becoming clear to me.
False flag.
"..."
I should be able to clean up without putting these girls into too much danger. But as cute as they all are, I'll need to use them as bait for what's coming next.
"Can I ask a question?"
I lift my head towards Makoto. "Of course. What is it that you need?"
"I just wanted to know since you're from Leaf. What's it like being a girl there? You know, the local culture, atmosphere...stuff like that."
Aiko shakes her head.
"Well," I say as I lazily stir my yogurt, "things are relatively good for women. There are still some stigmas, of course. You would think having all of these gifts would move us away from the old customs faster than they have, but men are notoriously stubborn and greedy in these affairs."
"Ha. Tell me about it."
"The Leaf is a vibrant and healthy place. Plenty of sunlight, hot springs, pools. Good places for women to gather together safely. Some exotic flavours, too," I say knowingly. "I would say that things are on the progressive side and moving further in that direction each day."
"The Third Hokage was from an older time. You think he's interested in those kinds of, dunno, reforms for women and junk?"
"He sees it as right on a personal level. An egalitarian at worst, if you had to provide him a label."
"Oh. Cool." Makoto pauses a bit to eat. "So...you know Lady Tsunade? Of the Three Shinobi?"
"I do, yes."
"Personally?"
"Yes."
"Whoa. Holy shit." Makoto sets down her chopsticks and looks at me attentively. "Please, seriously. Tell me everything you know about her, she's like, the coolest. Are they, uh...as big as people say they are? You know, up close-"
"Makoto!"
"What. I gotta know, Aiko. It's for the sake of my curiosity."
"You really are terrible..."
"They're as magnificent in person as you hope they would be."
"Man..."
"What makes you so curious about them?" I ask, already knowing the answer.
"Oh. I mean...jealousy, I guess? I wish mine would be like...you know, that one day."
"It would be a good tool for capturing boys."
"What would I want with boys? With sweater puppies like that, I could get girls to-"
She covers her mouth in the next moment. Aiko grumbles and Suketsune covers her face with her sleeves.
I calmly swallow another spoonful of my yogurt before breaking the silence. "I didn't think you would make it even more obvious than before."
"More...huh?"
"She was giving you a chance to save face," Aiko says. "She knew."
"What? What do you mean by that?"
"Honey, the only way you could make it more obvious is if you walked around with a sign on your ass that said 'professional lesbian' on it."
"Well, shit."
Suketsune nervously looks at me. "Um, Captain...are you...?"
"Upset? Hardly. I'm guessing you're the only straight girl here, though..."
Makoto's eyes widen. "Fuck right off. You too?"
"Mm-hm."
"What are the odds, eh?" Aiko says with a smile. "Well, now that the cat's out of the bag-"
"Okay, so that means we can get into more details, right? Tell me what you think, what you really think about Lady Tsunade. I need details! Details on her melons!" Makoto yells.
"We really will need to stay an extra night at this rate," Aiko mutters. She reaches over to rub Suketsune's back. Poor thing is overheating.
"Seriously, I'll do anything! I must have it...the forbidden knowledge..."
Aiko chops Makoto on the head.
"Ow."
"Can you stop being a super pervert for one second? Geez."
"Sorry, Aiko. I just got excited...you know that nobody compares to you, right?"
"That's not what I'm bothered about, and stop flirting with me while we're on business."
I laugh quietly and turn to Suketsune. "Darling, it's alright. I have some form of restraint, as you can see."
She nods. "I understand, Captain. It's just...surprising to hear. B-back in our parents' generation..."
"I'm sure it was as common then as it is now. They just didn't talk about it, due to societal pressure. On my first mission in the desert, there was an older gentleman who spoke to me about it."
"Did he?"
"His name was Zen. A fine gentleman. Very manly, strong in both body and mind. Men slept with each other too in those times. The punishments were severe if you were caught, but a bit of money could solve the issue. Men typically had more control of finances than women. You see where I'm going with this."
"Yes."
"Now, some argue it was simply the work of progressive champions that advanced the causes of women, along some limited support for those of the lesbian community as it existed then, but the reasons were far more economic than that. You'll note the push during the Third War. Enlistment ages were dropping, against the wishes of world leaders."
I regale Makoto with tales of Tsunade's legendary softness, and she ends up in a state between intensely excited and unbearably jealous. Aiko and Suketsune spend time calming her down, which they clearly have had to do before while in the field.
Nothing eventful happened within the mine; there were no traps or obstacles, just a straight trip into the depths where the scroll was hidden in a side tunnel. Why the scroll was there and what it contains wasn't disclosed to them, and I never had any intention of prying. It's not important to me, and it's not important to the Leaf.
This false flag, though...perhaps tonight is the night. I can always skip sleep and see what's going on.
"Did we want separate rooms?" I ask as we reach the inn.
"I dunno. Four rooms is a lot, isn't it?" Aiko asks.
"Cap here is loaded. She doesn't mind, right?" Makoto says with a smile.
"I certainly do not."
"But we don't want you to spend too much on us. Aiko and I can share a room."
I look to Aiko, who sighs and nods. Good, it means that they can get some alone time. They deserve that much.
"If you would like a room for yourself, I can accommodate you, Suketsune."
"Is it okay? I don't mind sharing, and I think we should...to keep an eye on each other."
"I understand. We'll do that, then."
The four of us walk up to the counter and book two rooms for the night. These facilities are decent enough, even containing a pool for guests to splash around in if they like. Vending machines, a recreation room, and a television room. A few good comforts.
As for the rooms themselves, clean and well-organized. One large bed in each room, a bathroom, and some items to heat food and make warm drinks.
"Since we're already checked in, you can move around if you have need of anything," I say to Suketsune.
"Thank you, Captain. If...you're not too busy later, may we talk about a few things?"
"Of course. Just let me know when. I'm going to take a shower, so see you in a while."
"Okay."
"Yeah, cool. I'll let Aiko know what's going on."
"Appreciated. I will see you in the morning, Makoto."
"Yep. See ya."
Makoto leaves my door and starts her walk back to her room.
"Makoto, are you serious?"
"What. What'd I do this time?"
"You can't walk around without clothing! Especially on your top half!"
"I got my shorts on and this here towel. What else do you want, Aiko?"
"Get in here. Come on, get in!"
"Nobody's around anyways. You're such a nag, you know that?"
I shake my head and close the door. What a girl.
"We're free to talk now, Suketsune." No response. I turn to see that she's fallen asleep already.
We can always talk later, I suppose. Since it's night, I feel like it's a good time to start my routines. I throw on a sleeveless shirt and shorts, then strap a kunai holster to my upper thigh and tie back my hair. I don't want there to be too much action, but I should be prepared just in case. With that in mind, I tie a sweater around my waist. Might come in handy later. I turn off the lights and leave silently through the door, then head downstairs. Coins in the vending machine, and I hit the button to have a glass soda bottle travel down the chute and land upright in the nearby holder. I flip the top off and take a drink.
"Refreshing."
I smack my lips together and leave the inn, bottle in hand. My senses reach out into the night, and I detect a few chakra signatures. Two, three. Five from what I can tell. Two of them are together, not doing much from what I can discern. The other three are spread out. I'll check on them, then.
The first one seems to be on a normal patrol route. I slip through the shadows and leave him be. The second is doing the same, so I wonder if they're working in tandem. The third...now there's something unusual.
"What have we here..."
I press myself against the side of a building and try to figure out what's happening. Tags and some sort of substance are being applied to the bottom half of another building across the way. It's big, probably about a quarter of a block in size. A sort of plastic smell is wafting towards me. Hm. It could be a bomb of some sort, which would conveniently fit with my reports. I take a few sips of soda while waiting for the shinobi to leave. If I'm right, that's someone from the Sand. I should check on the pair closest to the inn, since they might have something important to reveal. But right now, I'm going to look at this little scene.
With a single jump, I make it across the street and land softly near the side of the big building. Not much in the way of light, but I can sense that the tags are filled with chakra, and placed in a certain formation.
"Exploding barrier. They're expecting someone to come by at some point...the extra explosive here is meant to cause maximum devastation to the surrounding area. Having your cake and eating it, eh."
Tags still work when wet or soggy, so it won't be that simple. And there may be a detection mechanism to stop someone from removing the tags. So...what to do...ah, there's an idea.
"Since this is on the surface...what I can do is disturb it like so." I set down my bottle and feel around the tag. This feels like...yes, it's right on top of a large brick. Perfect. I reach for a kunai and close my eyes, using my other senses to get the most accurate picture. The three shinobi are well away from my position, which means I have ample time. I flow chakra through my kunai, and none of them react - meaning none of them are sensor types. With that settled, I move the vibrating weapon through the bricks and slowly carve out the one with the explosive tag printed on it. No disturbances. Oh, I am so good at this.
"Beautiful. Let's hold onto this...it might come in handy later."
I smile and put the brick under my arm, then pick up my soda and take another well deserved drink. I've thwarted one bomb plot, and there may be more...but this seemed to be the most immediate. Those three can be dealt with in time. Let's see what the other two are doing. As I walk back towards the inn, I can sense that the two from earlier haven't moved. A few people are in there with them. Some sort of establishment. A bar, perhaps? Could it be another target?
I can't exactly walk in and cause trouble as I am. I need to get close to them and figure out what's going on. Nothing else is open this late, so I can't loiter without looking suspicious. I'll have to observe from the inn and keep my tracking technique primed.
"Annoying."
I sigh and finish off my soda as I reach the inn, putting it into the recycling bin and grabbing another to sip on. The receptionist is busy reading a newspaper and doesn't notice the brick in my hand. I shrug and head into the television room, flipping on the screen to a random channel and leaving it there. My sweater comes off, still nice and clean. If I'm right, then it should be good if I leave it right here.
"Golf."
I close my eyes and focus, finding the two signals from earlier and locking onto them. Definitely shinobi of some type. It's possible that these two could be harmless individuals out on patrol, but I doubt it. It's quiet and boring, save for the low mumbles coming from the television on account of the announcers. Golf is supposed to be a gentleman's game, or something. Makoto would hate it. I assume so, anyways. It's possible that she's more refined than I know.
"Mm. They're moving."
I get up and take the brick with me, gliding past the receptionist who is still reading, and out towards the bar that I passed earlier. They're standing around and talking; I shift my chakra a bit and neither of them react as I slip into the shadows once more.
"Alright. Let's get things started. You wanna get the other one? They're set up, right?"
"Oh, yeah. Should be set by now. We'll swap outfits once it goes down."
"Did they check for collateral?"
"I was told it wasn't an issue. Might even be better if we got some, make it look heavier."
"Man."
"Hey, we don't do this, a hundred times this amount of people are gonna die. And then maybe a thousand times that. This is for all of us."
"Yeah...I get it. Let's do it."
Get two and then three, or all five at once? First option sounds better. The other three seem to be separating. There's one more for...six, I'm assuming. But they seem to be an unimportant accomplice. And I want a witness to what's happened, just to make sure that the Sand is aware...
I quickly step out of my hiding place and wind up before throwing the brick at the two men ahead of me. The target turns and grabs the brick out of the air while his partner draws a sword and charges me. I make the snake seal.
"Shit-!"
The tag explodes in his face and I surge towards the other attacker as he hesitates, chopping him in the throat and making him reel. He drops his sword and I catch it before surging lightning through it, swinging and taking his head off with a clean stroke. I drop the sword next to him as his body falls and his head rolls some distance down the darkened street.
The other one is still alive, unfortunately. I pick up the sword again and rip through his throat in order to end his suffering. Half of his arm is gone, and bits of brick are lodged in his face. It's a gruesome sight. Well...he died fighting for his country, I suppose.
"..."
I reach carefully into their tool pouches and find the items I was expecting: headbands matching those of the Hidden Rock Village. I just as carefully dip the items in a bit of blood and place them nearby for posterity. Now the Sand can have fun trying to prove their countrymen weren't just spies.
The other three are moving quickly towards my position. Whoever was mentioned before hasn't left the bar, and his chakra seems...erratic. They're more than likely drunk, and were about to be used as a sacrifice for this fake terrorist attack. It would be so easy to take them out with Mobius, but that's my signature technique. I don't want them to track this back to me so easily.
Moving in a tight bunch, with a little space left for me to drift about. Good. Seems easy enough.
"We've been compromised, goddammit!"
"Who the hell is here with us?!"
I slice through the night with a stolen kunai and meet the first enemy under a street light. His eyes widen with shock before I swing quickly through his throat. My steps take me back into the darkness and the second one freezes. Her breathing shortens before I stab her in the back and then rip across her throat from behind. The last one tries to retreat and moves back up the street as his comrades fall.
"Fucking shit...!" I can feel his chakra building, and he starts to weave handseals. I surge lightning chakra into my hand and throw the kunai as fast as I can; it lands on target, burying itself in his forehead up to the hilt and killing him instantly. He sways a moment before falling backwards like a rag doll.
"Ah, that got a little tense."
A woman's scream pierces the air. I suppose that's the person that was supposed to be part of this whole escapade? That's one way to sober up. I didn't kill them that far from the inn, but there aren't any other shinobi around from my estimation. They'll have to be called in, and that will take at least a few hours...they might not be here until morning. There's blood on me, because of course some got kicked up during the fights. It's on my upper half, though...so that problem is easily solved. This is why we think ahead on operations.
I run back to the inn and slip past the terrified woman, along with the receptionist who has left his post to see what the commotion was about. Aiko and the others are beginning to move; they've reached my room and Suketsune is waking up. I move into the television room and throw on my sweater, zipping it up neatly before stepping out just as the girls come down the stairs.
"Captain Kobayashi! You weren't in bed, so we were worried!" Aiko calls to me.
"I was out having a late treat," I say as I hold up my soda bottle. "They've found two shinobi dead just now. Killed in some sort of fight."
"Shit. Are they ours?" Makoto asks.
"I can't tell. There were different headbands at the scene, from both Rock and Sand."
"Double agents? Spies? What do we do?"
"Nothing. We shouldn't contaminate the scene. The primary witness is...or at least was drunk earlier. We'll place a call to the nearest outpost and let them handle it. This is currently outside of our mission purview."
"It could have been so much worse," Aiko says. "Who could have done this? And why?"
"Why, indeed."
The scent of blood wouldn't be strong enough for them to catch on, especially in this mess, and even if they did suspect something...deny, deny, deny. Just like all shinobi are taught to do. The Sand's little plan of sending children to keep me in check hasn't gone the way they wanted it to.
"You three head back inside and rest. I'll take care of everything from here."
"Are you sure?" Aiko asks. I pat her head gently.
"I'm sure, darling. Leave everything to me. I'll see you in the morning."
"Okay. Makoto, let's go back to sleep."
"Yeah. Don't take too long, Cap."
"I won't. See you in the morning, Makoto."
She nods and leaves after Aiko. Suketsune hugs me before taking off after them.
"My little sweethearts. I really am sorry to use you like this, but...such is a shinobi's life."
I sigh and reach over the inn reception desk for the phone.
"Operator? Yes, my name is Lilith Kobayashi, a jounin working on behalf of the Hidden Sand Village. Please connect me to the nearest military outpost. There's been an emergency."


Chapter 73
Scarlet Justice - ep. 73"Chips"[Hidden Sand Joint Mission: Conclusion]
There must have been some sort of panic once the news was relayed back to the Sand, because about 10 soldiers, or two squads worth of shinobi, show up at the inn looking out of breath. The usual barking starts once we're woken up and assembled. Suketsune withdraws into herself and Aiko does her best to provide some comfort, despite being upset herself. Makoto is struggling to restrain herself while protecting her two teammates. At that point, I formally introduce myself and unsubtly exert my influence on those in the area.
We soon come to a suitable arrangement: two of the inn rooms are going to be used for interrogation, or what they try to pass off as 'interviews'. I instruct the girls to answer honestly about every aspect of the mission. The only one with anything to hide is me, and I've made sure of it.
"We'll take Temko and Mishoto first," the one in charge says. If his headband were wrapped any tighter, me might get less blood flowing to the brain than there already is. He has a typical square jaw and his hair is cut in that short and tight manner that career soldiers like, for the illusion of professionalism. Asuma and I have agreed that it makes them look more like pricks than anything else. Aiko and Suketsune look to me, and I simply nod in response. The aggression is just for posturing, as far as they're concerned. They're taken to separate rooms and the doors shut. Three in each room, two downstairs, and two looming over us in this room, trying to be menacing. At least we've packed up and dressed in our regular clothing.
"God, this is the worst. If those assholes make Aiko cry, I swear-"
"You won't do anything. Calm down," I say to Makoto. We're sitting together on the bed, trying to stave off boredom.
"Fucking hell, Cap."
"I know how you feel. Just take it easy for now. You don't want to screw up your career like this. Right? You've got nothing to worry about, anyways. You did your job and everything else was just following orders."
"You're right. It's all fucked up, though." She sighs. "Thanks. I...lose my cool sometimes."
"It happens."
"Yeah." She smiles. "Too bad we can't talk too much about...you know."
"Is that all you have on the brain?"
"Obviously not. I like training, too. And other fun stuff. I'm a pretty good dancer, you know."
"Are you? Perhaps you could teach me a few moves later."
"Ooh. I'll take you up on that," she says as she wiggles her eyebrows. "But on a more serious note...you know, while we're here."
"What is it?"
Makoto rubs at her cheek and is quiet for a while. This looks like an apology coming up, but something like that would be difficult for her. At least she's trying. I can be happy with that much.
"About earlier. Or, all of those times earlier. Sorry for being such a bitch to you."
"Not to question your motivation, but are you apologizing because you feel sorry for me, or because you're ashamed of what you did?"
She looks at me and frowns. "You know, you're really-"
"I know."
"It's...a little bit of both. I feel bad about treating you like that, and at the same time...you've gone through some stuff. So, you know. I just wanted to say sorry for all of that. You didn't deserve it."
"I accept your apology, Makoto. It's gracious of you, no matter how you meant it."
"Really?"
"Really. I was just giving you a hard time because you earned that much."
She rolls her eyes at me. "You dick."
"I don't know what you were expecting."
"I dunno either. Whatever, it's water under the bridge now. That's what matters." We look at each other and then at our two guardians, who are likely listening in on the conversation. Best not to say too much that can be figured out.
"Aiko must have told you about him," I say.
"Yeah. Sounds like a real asshole."
"You have no idea."
"Might not want an idea if he's really that bad. It'll sound insensitive, but...you might as well not have one of those guys at that point."
"Maybe. I don't know how to feel about that. He's still a part of everything. Important, in a strange sort of way. I have no idea how to explain it. He's worthless, never there when needed, but I...don't have a concrete way to deal with those feelings."
"It's complicated, then. Like dealing with an old boyfriend, or something like that. That's what girls tell me, anyways."
"Do they take you seriously?" I ask.
"Some of 'em do. Compliments are mostly harmless, right? The boys like me, though. I hang out with 'em enough, they ask for advice and junk. Pretty cute sometimes, you know? I like the feeling, sorta like being a big sister sometimes," she says with a smile.
"What about Aiko?"
"Aiko? I...well, it's the little things with her, you know? I guess all the things boys would talk about. How she smiles and laughs. Beautiful eyes. Great body. There's a lot of cute in there, but at the same time stuff that gets you going. Know what I mean?"
Well, there's no question that she really cares about Aiko. Not a single lewd remark to be found in that description. "I do."
"Yeah. Stuff like that. She's...different. I tease her a bit about it. Sometimes she's just too nice to people. Forgives a lot of things that others wouldn't. But you can't hate that about her."
"Do you mean to be her protector from the world?" I ask.
Makoto shrugs. "I'll try, but I know I can't be everywhere. She's growing into someone strong, though. It's good to see. I know her mom would be proud of her. Speaking of that, I'm sorry about...you know."
"Thank you."
"Yeah. It's hard, dealing with something like that. I can't imagine it. I'd probably be on the streets if that happened to mine. I, uh...I know that not every person with the status you have is evil. I'm just not rational when it comes to that sort of stuff. Mom and Dad did everything they could, you know? Everything right, civic duty, sacrifices for the village. And then everything kept going downhill, year after year. It's because of the snobs that Aiko...had all that happen to her. Even Suketsune and her family's been kicked in the ass by this. They've had to eat so many losses because the village ordered them to make tools, and then shorted them on the payments or moved contracts to other toolmakers and villages. The Temkos don't compromise for anyone. Stubborn bastards. But that's the type of grit that makes the common man love you." She sniffles. "The old man. He runs that place in Sound, yeah? The fields and junk."
"Yes. You've probably heard about the conditions."
"What a fucking asshole."
"Say that twice. I want to do things differently."
"You gonna take over one day?"
"Yeah, right. He wouldn't let me if it were my dying wish."
"Wow." Makoto shakes her head.
"I have my own path to walk down, anyways. I don't need him. Frankly, I don't need anyone. But friends are good to have, in places high and low."
"Yep. Hey, Cap...you turned out pretty good for a rich girl. Keep at it for everyone's sake, yeah?"
"I will, Makoto. Thank you for your faith in me," I say with a smile.
"Anyone who could turn Gaara into a pussycat like that has my vote of confidence. You're scary as all hell, and I like that. I like a lot of other things about you, but that's the most I can say in this kind of company."
"The sentiment is returned, Makoto."
"Eh? What's that mean?"
I put a finger to my lips and wink at her. She makes an 'o' shape with her mouth and grins in response.
"Thank you kindly, Captain."
The door is flung open, with Aiko and Suketsune entering. They look a bit rustled, but otherwise fine.
"Are you darlings alright?" I say as I hold them close to me.
"I'm okay, Captain," Aiko says.
"Yes...I should be fine. I answered all of the questions faithfully," Suketsune says.
"Hibana and the Leaf brat. Time to have your interviews," the leader barks.
"Makoto, remember what I said. Relax and be yourself. There's nothing they can or will do to you in there," I say to her.
"Got it, Cap."
"Good."
"You heard the man, it's time to g-"
I quickly sweep the offending shinobi off his feet as he places a hand on my shoulder, pinning his head to the ground underneath my foot. The others react a moment later, drawing weapons.
"Listen here, Leaf! You've got three seconds to back away before we do something you really won't like!" one of the nervous idiots yells.
"You have no right touching me with your filthy hands," I say calmly. "Now, listen closely. If you, or anyone else here outsteps your boundaries again, you're as good as dead. I can kill every single one of you in this room in an instant. Exactly how stupid are you?"
"Hey!"
"Oh, shut the fuck up. Go ahead, I dare you to make the first move. Go on, yeah?"
The room is deathly silent. I lift my foot from the Sand shinobi's head and he scrambles up, looking frightened while trying to act tough. Typical.
"Right, as I predicted. Now if you would kindly lead us to our interview rooms, and refrain from making any more foolish mistakes, like for instance, carelessly putting your hands on a shinobi from another village, then we can finish up quickly and return to our homes. Yes? Is that something we want?"
"Listen, kid. If you don't want trouble, you just do as we say. Alright? Five of our countrymen are dead, murdered. Killed in the street like dogs," the leader says, trying to suppress his anger. Mister Military Haircut could pass for a ripe tomato at this stage.
"One, I am not a child. I am a jounin from the Leaf, I am in charge of this mission, and I outrank you, asshole. Two, your shinobi getting killed off in a firefight isn't any of my concern. You have no recourse if I decide right now to take these girls home and leave this little ghost town behind. Do you understand? This is a courtesy," I say slowly. "I am being civil. I am being polite to you."
"I don't give a fuck if you're some queen or whatever. This is our territory, and while you're a guest here, as you have been the moment you took on a mission for our village, you're going to follow our rules."
I give him an incredulous look and laugh. "Is that what you think?" My hand casually reaches into the holster on my thigh and pulls out a few large bills. I hand them to Aiko.
"Captain...?"
"I'm going to be in there a long while, my dear. When Makoto gets back, the three of you should go out and get something to eat while you wait," I say, never moving my gaze from the chuunin looming over me. "Gather your items and bring them with you."
"Yes, ma'am."
"Makoto, let's get this over with."
"Yep."
We finally leave the room.
"The Council is going to hear about this."
I yawn and stretch my limbs as I get up. "I'm sure they will."
It's been four hours, and finally the fools have given up. They realize that they're not getting anything out of me and are better served taking care of business somewhere else.
"We're done, yes?"
The lead bootlicker lights a cigarette and sits down. "Get the hell out of here, Leaf."
"Finally. Enjoy the rest of your day."
I walk past the other shinobi and head for my room, making sure that I have everything I need before heading outside. The girls are at the same restaurant as before, and have finished eating already.
"Ladies, are we refreshed?" I ask as I approach them.
"Yeah, we're good," Makoto says. "What happened in there? It's already afternoon..."
"Nothing."
"Nothing? For four hours?"
"Yes. Nothing," I repeat. "They talked, I listened. Nothing much happened."
"Didn't you say to be honest about everything?" Aiko asks as we start to leave.
"Yes, I did."
"So...why wouldn't you tell them anything?"
"Because the things I tell you don't necessarily apply to me, my dear. I have my own reasons for staying silent, yours don't matter here."
She frowns. "Fumi-sensei makes it sound so easy. Just follow orders and do your best."
"You'll learn how complicated it can get in time. For now, focus on what your sensei says, and continue being a good girl."
"Yes, ma'am," Aiko says with a smile.
"Besides, someone will need to take care of Makoto while she's stuck at chuunin the rest of her life."
"Heh, you think I'll be a chuunin? You've got more faith in me than my own mother! Hahaha!"
"That's not true, is it?" I ask.
"Her mom thinks she won't ever get promoted because she's such a skirt-chaser," Aiko explains. "I told her that it doesn't matter how many skirts you chase as long as you chase missions harder."
"Hold onto this girl," I say to Makoto. "She is a fount of wisdom."
"Don't I know it!"
"Ah, there was something I neglected to mention the other day. Suketsune, we can have our long awaited talk while we're on the move. The ossan at the waterworks I spoke to mentioned a strange fellow who was obsessing over the local weapons cache."
"He was wearing an overcoat."
"Yes."
She sighs and nods her head. "That's...without a doubt, my oldest brother."
"Tell me a bit about him, won't you? And your other brother, Yushiro. Family is something of a passion of mine, I love hearing about everyone else's and how they function."
"Aiko says you got sisters, too. And that they're total hotties!"
"Makoto..."
"Aiko, please. I want more details from the babe magnet over here."
"When I'm finished talking to Miss Temko," I say to her. "Patience is a virtue. Now, Suketsune. You were about to explain your eldest brother's obsession with weapons."
As it reaches night, I cook another set of steaks with the ingredients I have left for dinner. Today's location is a convenient natural pit that has been used at least a month or two before us. Likely to be travellers, or merchants on their way back home from Mitsurin District. We make sure the area is clear and then start winding down for bed.
Suketsune tells me about her brothers. Okichi has a condition that's not terribly understood in this part of the world, but that I had been tested several times for as a young girl in the west. Here, it's called 'jiheishou' - an illness that 'closes off the self'. It explains a great deal of things about him, including his extreme skill in making, modifying, customizing, and identifying every weapon under the sun. He is a rare person with his condition, called 'daigakusha' - or simply, a savant. Even the Temko Clan, known for their demanding standards, have no words to describe his ability. But he has quirks that make him disliked and even hated by many in the village. One of the most notable ones is something that Makoto mentioned earlier, an extreme anger towards people who mistreat and throw away their weapons when they're finished with them.
Yushiro, the middle child, has his own issues. He's also intimidating in his own way. A tall young man, very terse, and bitter-looking from the moment he wakes up. Someone who has worked hard his whole life, only to be ignored by his parents and everyone else. Okichi and Suketsune, as the older genius and the precious younger daughter respectively, each got their share of attention and left him with nothing. Even working as a shinobi to help keep the family financially secure wasn't enough, it seems. He fights often with Okichi because of their competing frustrations.
Despite all this, Suketsune insists that they all love each other. She says that both Okichi and Yushiro are protective of her, in their own ways, of course. And that she prays constantly that the two will get along one day, on their own. The pressure from the past few years has simply been hard on everyone.
"You told me the story about Master Zen, and the Red Iron...is it possible to get any of that material?" she asks as we travel towards the Hidden Sand again. It's the next morning, and the sun is climbing higher in the sky as we jog across the desert.
"Mm. I do have his contact information, so it's possible...it depends on how much you're willing to pay for a personal supply," I say to Suketsune as we finish eating. "I imagine it will be expensive, especially since the material is new. You'll also need a large update on your forging equipment, and you'll have to learn several new techniques to use and shape the metal."
"Wow...that much..."
"It's notoriously hard to work with at the moment."
"That's what I heard from Yushiro...he saw the few weapons made with it, and they were really simple, but also very brittle because they weren't made right."
"Yes, that much was relayed to me. I'll leave the information with you regardless, so that you can pursue those opportunities at your own discretion. I suppose you think that a difficult project like that could bring those boys together."
"Was...it that obvious?"
"I wouldn't call that a bad thing. This is family we're talking about," I say with a smile. "Of course, there are certain issues to consider...but I have my doubts that your village's overall strength will increase enough to be a threat, so it should be fine."
"You say those things so casually..."
"Confidence is a key to success."
"I see..."
"Captain Kobayashi? I have a question," Aiko asks as she and Makoto slow down for us.
"Yes, go ahead."
"Makoto and I were talking earlier...you know by now that I have Scorch Release, like my mom used to. She thinks it's possible to create that sort of thing by mixing wind and fire together, and I keep telling her that it's impossible, or else it wouldn't be a bloodline limit and stuff. So we wanted to know what you think about it."
"Yeah. 'Cause you're really smart and junk," Makoto says.
"Makoto isn't wrong," I say.
"Really? Didn't expect to hear that..."
"Aiko isn't entirely incorrect either. There is some nuance to these sorts of things."
"Do you mind telling us?" Aiko asks.
"I can, yes. It's not terribly difficult to explain, but it's also not something that shinobi are taught to worry about, or study in any significant portions. We will begin by talking about the nature of blood abilities. They manifest in different forms, but the relevant one here is that of Scorch Release, something that Aiko has inherited from her mother Pakura. But it goes further than that, you see. There is a basic thing that you need to understand, and that is how the human body functions," I explain. "Makoto, you understand how your body works, yes?"
"Yep!"
"How do all of the normal functions move along? Do you consciously activate them?"
"Nope. Stuff like breathing and reflexes and junk. Body just kind of chugs along by itself."
"Yes. If you had to keep track of such things, there are so many that it would immediately drive you to madness. Our bodies do many, many things without our direct input. They are coded that way. And so, one of the things that ends up coded into some of us has to do with how our chakra manifests itself."
"So...Scorch Release is automatic, then?" Aiko asks. "But how does that make Makoto right?"
"Scorch Release is achieved with a physical function, one that allows you to mix the chakra in your body, and your body alone, into a new element that is a combination of two others. When you mix wind and fire together, the wind usually is relegated to extra fuel for the fire technique, making it bigger, hotter, and more powerful. This is how things naturally go. One person normally fires one technique at a time, making mixing very difficult. Firing two techniques isn't recommended because of the difficulty, the potential for energy, and the costs of creating two different elements at once and trying to shape them at the same time that you're releasing a technique."
"It's a lot happening at once," Suketsune says.
"Exactly. Now, to get to my point. The fact that Scorch Release exists and can be broken down into two basic components means that the combination is possible in reality with two separate elements. It simply isn't plausible. The amount of balance and control needed to fuse those two elements together, at the proper speeds, and in the perfect ratios, is beyond that of most shinobi in the world."
"What about...a doujutsu? Would that work?"
"Something like the Sharingan, you mean. I would say...yes. If the Sharingan could analyze the levels of chakra properly, it would be a step closer. But analysis isn't control...there would have to be a way to adjust the chakra levels precisely, of either the wind or flames, to achieve the desired effect and create Scorch Release from those two elements."
"So it's possible, it's just super hard to do," Makoto concludes. "That makes sense."
"There is another layer that pushes the feat towards the impossible. Aiko, which element do you favour?" I ask.
"Um...I guess wind."
"So you would say there's an imbalance, a distribution of skill and power between the two elements that means they don't line up perfectly. And of course, you can train yourself so that the two elements are roughly similar when you use them. Let's say this is possible. What do you think happens if one element is slightly stronger than the other?"
"They don't mix properly, and you don't get Scorch Release from them."
"Correct."
"Okay, okay. So...bloodline limits are like, uh, the ice cream machine! You know, like the place we go to all the time, Aiko."
"Makoto...that's..."
She waves her hands. "No, no. Seriously. So one day you could get all the ingredients and try to make ice cream yourself at home, right? And it's definitely possible if you get a bunch of different tools and equipment, and spend a whole lot of time preparing everything and making sure it goes right. But you're not likely to get the same sort of smooth and creamy ice cream as you'd get from the machine. See, the machine has a whole bunch of parts and gears and everything that works automatically, without anyone having to do anything. The ice cream just comes out the other end and to you every time. That's what it's like with Scorch Release. You take your wind and fire, put 'em through your body and the bloodline limit does the work, then bam! Out the other side comes your super fire."
"That is eloquently put, Makoto," I say with a bit of surprise.
"Yeah, I...actually understood that," Aiko says. "Wow."
"Don't act so shocked!"
"It's somewhat surprising...you have to admit," Suketsune says.
"I can't tell if I'm being insulted right now," Makoto mutters. "At least I was right, sorta. Some hard work and luck, and you can make your own elements...maybe."
"It's nothing we need to worry about right now, Makoto. We're still learning. Once we get all the basics down, we can think about teaming up to create new elements and all of that," Aiko says.
"You're right. Besides, we learned a lot on this mission. Thanks a lot, Cap."
"It was truly my pleasure," I say. "To be in the company of such beautiful and vibrant young women is a rare privilege, indeed."
"Really? I woulda been disappointed if I didn't get to take a bath-"
"Makoto!"
"What. I'm not lying."
"We can always fix that, you know. There's a nice hot spring that I spotted in the village," I say unsubtly.
Aiko sighs and shakes her head. "Captain, you shouldn't encourage her..."
"Yes! Best mission ever! Let's get home already!" Makoto speeds up and moves ahead of us. The rest of us follow, sharing amused looks as sand sprays behind us with our movements.
As always, the sun climbs upwards above our heads.


Chapter 74
Scarlet Justice - ep. 74"Fair Trade"[Hidden Sand Joint Mission: Epilogue]

"...and as you can see, I have brought your children back to you safely. They are well-fed, clean, and now have a refreshing scent to them. All at my own expense, of course. You're welcome."
I give the unamused old men of the Sand Council a playful wink. It's the day after our return from the mission to Mitsurin District. The mission has been formally completed, and today is my final meeting before being released from the contract. On my end, I am free to take as much time as I wish before heading home, but I intend to leave soon after saying my goodbyes to Temari and the others.
Actually, there is a new face. One man on the younger side, perhaps in his twenties. Very debonair, well-groomed with smooth black hair. Charming smile. I assumed him to be some sort of representative, perhaps to make the lives of the old men easier as they talk to me. Temari's rapidly deteriorating attempts to keep her amusement hidden communicate there's something more to it. I have to wonder what the game is here. Oh well. This one's easy on the eyes, so I don't mind either way. Speaking of easy times, our time at the hot spring was quite nice. I figured that Makoto had some knowledge on physical therapy, but she really is talented. My back hasn't felt this good in a long while...
"Now, Miss Kobayashi-"
"Captain Kobayashi," I correct the young man with a smile. "We should maintain this air of professionalism, Second Lieutenant Hojo."
To his credit, he doesn't visibly flinch at that. "Right. Captain Kobayashi, my apologies." His voice is suited to public speaking, too. Hm...I wonder. "On the mission, we relayed instructions through our kunoichi, that you should return to the village as soon as possible after retrieving the mission target. We of the council would like to know why you decided to stay in the mining town overnight."
"Simply put, the additional objectives were not disclosed to me until well after the mission was underway. While you of the Sand are well within your rights to provide additional assignments to your soldiers without my knowledge or consent, you must also realize that as the squad leader, I maintain control of overall group movements as long as they don't conflict with what has been listed in the contract between our villages. I made the executive decision to stay overnight, with the desire to complete a full survey of the area before leaving with 1200 being the latest time we would remain. Rumours of foreign infiltration were gathered on my first pass, and I saw fit to make sure that there were no immediate threats to the area because of the stated importance to the country; both in the mission reports, and verbally by the council itself."
"..." He nods and writes down notes again, as he has been doing for the last hour or so. A chair has been provided for me as a courtesy, and I cross my legs over as I sit. "You're aware that during your overnight stay, five shinobi of the Hidden Sand were murdered in an area that was in proximity to the inn that you and the members of your squad were occupying."
"Yes."
"The team sent to investigate obtained full cooperation from those of our village...but not from you."
"Yes."
"Can you explain your actions?" Hojo asks.
"I can."
"Then, if you would?"
"I won't."
There's a murmuring among the old men as Hojo pauses to compose himself. "It's...not exactly a request, as much as it sounds like one-"
"I understand what words mean, Second Lieutenant. I can explain why I refused to cooperate with your shinobi, but I won't explain. I am under no obligation to and you legally cannot make me. Especially you, who sits at a lower rank than me. The only person that can compel me to speak is the Hokage himself, and I don't think he wants me kept in a cage here when I can be doing productive work in the Leaf on his behalf."
"Captain Kobayashi," he says with a thin smile, "you do understand that this is a matter of national security, don't you? We simply want cooperation from an ally of ours in the Leaf. It wouldn't be good if our relationship became strained because of these events."
"Is that so? So you would be willing to disclose your reasons for concealing mission parameters from me, including an insistence that we leave the area as soon as possible? Perhaps there was a scheduled event that you didn't want those young ladies caught up in?" I say sharply. "It would be understandable. You wouldn't be so reckless with someone like Aiko, after all."
"..."
"Is there something that I should know? There was also a planned bombing in the area, and evidence was found that one of the shinobi was fatally injured by an explosion at close range. It's a tragic thing...people so callously murdered by foreign agents. Well, the fact of the matter is that I was provided with latitude to complete the primary mission objective in a necessary window of time. I performed to those expectations, along with allowing for other undisclosed objectives to be completed within that same time. If your issue is that I didn't cooperate with rude, unprofessional, and frankly unorganized personnel from your village, then you are free to take that issue up with the Jounin Commander, and then then Hokage himself if needed."
"Second Lieutenant Hojo, is there somewhere you're going with this?" Temari asks. Gaara is seated beside her today, quiet as always.
"With the extra unscheduled time spent in Mitsurin, we simply want to rule out any inadvertent involvement with the recent incident. This is for the sake of both the Leaf and Sand, especially if there are foreign elements involved as we highly suspect," Hojo says. "It's why that, in this neutral setting, we want Captain Kobayashi to be as forthcoming as possible, in order to dispel any unpleasant assumptions."
"I am required to do no such thing," I say. "Again, as per the agreements we made prior to the mission commencing, I was well within my rights as well as the allocated mission time to hold within the settlement for as long as I did, which I intended to be overnight with our group leaving in the morning."
"If she was involved in something like that, why would she tell you?" Temari asks. "This is getting stupid."
"With all due respect, Lady Temari...five of our countrymen are dead at this point in time. We all want justice to be done on their behalf, and any information to that end is valuable. It's precious to a village that has already been hit heavily by all sorts of tragedy these past few years, especially this one. I think that calling these questions 'stupid' is slightly inappropriate," Hojo says delicately.
"No. I think stupid is the perfect way to describe it. I also think what's stupid is trying to direct blame towards one of our allies for using the tools provided to them," Temari fires back. "Hojo, you and this council have no grounds to do what you're doing right now. This is a courtesy coming from the Leaf, and you would do well to realize that. And as far as using the tragedies of this country as a cudgel against an elite of the Leaf? I suggest you learn your place and back off. That goes for all of you."
"Lady Temari-"
"Shut up," she says firmly. "The mistakes we've made are our own. We have to look inside of ourselves and solve those problems, on our own terms. If you all lament our reliance on the Leaf, then perhaps you should act like it. Take some responsibility. Captain Kobayashi did her job. She completed the mission that we asked of her, she protected the kunoichi we sent her out with, she allowed them to complete their objectives, and she helped us retrieve a valuable asset while protecting several others for a time. That is what we should be evaluating, not claims from some jerk-off stationed in the desert that there was some sort of 'obstruction of justice'. That's not how these things work, that's not how they're supposed to work, and you damn well know that. And if you want to go a little further than that, try this: you lot have the balls of a goddamned elephant to pile onto someone from a village that we just attacked, unsuccessfully. Instead of leniency, instead of some sort of understanding of the situation, you treat a jounin from the Leaf like this?"
"Lady Temari brings up a rather pertinent point, gentlemen. This is a dangerous game that you're playing, as our previous actions have done little to garner sympathy in many corners of the world," Baki says.
"In addition...retribution has been delivered to a common enemy. The man who killed this village's leader," Gaara adds in. "While the Hokage has shown compassion and understood that we were tricked into doing the bidding of Orochimaru...this gesture and the many others like it are above and beyond what is normally done. There should be proper respect shown for those who volunteer their services to us. Especially those who stand atop the shinobi world..."
I hold back my smile, but display my pleasure at hearing the most important members of the council side with me. It's about time these wrinkled trolls learned their place.
"Let's put an end to this farce before it gets any worse," Temari says. "God willing this doesn't make it back to Fire Country."
"What is the listed rate for the mission?" I ask Temari.
"We are paying...225,000 per person. At twenty five percent, that is 56,250 ryo. This means that as per our arrangement, your total owed is 168,750 ryo."
"Will this be included in the taxed portions?"
"Everything rolled up nicely and taxed, yep. Feds need to take their cut."
"A shame. Round it up to 200,000 then. I believe that comes out to about...66,000 each?"
"66,666 and change."
I nod and toss Temari a scroll, which she catches with one hand before unsealing. The pile of money appears on top of the scroll and she expertly moves 200,000 ryo into a neat stack before sealing the scroll again, tossing it back to me. I catch it easily and put it into one of my sweater sleeves, where it vanishes in a timely fashion.
"I assume that there aren't any other topics up for discussion?" I ask.
Everyone glances at each other. There's nothing, it seems. Good.
"That should be all, Captain Kobayashi. Thank you for your time," Hojo says.
"Of course. Thank you for having me, Second Lieutenant. Please be well."
He nods and collects his notes before getting up with the rest of the room. Temari, Baki, and Gaara leave through another exit and I follow; they've immediately crossed over to another room where a kunoichi stands outside the door. She closes it as soon as we're inside.
"You know what it is I want to ask."
"I do."
Temari sighs and nods her head. "But I don't think we can talk about it. Sensei, what do you think?"
"I feel the same way. As soon as we become aware of the situation, we'll be expected to act on it swiftly. Whatever happened in Mitsurin District was done without our knowledge. Some members of the Council decided to act in what they thought were the best interests of the nation. It's unfortunate."
"You did what needed to be done," Gaara says in that flat tone of his. "The results were indeed unfortunate..."
"Yes. Very much so," I say.
The three of them are well aware that it was me who was behind the killing of the Sand shinobi while on the mission. The council suspected me and had Hojo try to apply pressure, while the emergency team was looking for someone to apply blame to after the girls didn't follow orders precisely, because I prevented them from doing so. In any other circumstance, I would put everything out into the open properly. But these tangled strings prevent me from doing so. Temari would try to move me out of the way where she could, Gaara would lock the secret up inside of him, but Baki...I'm not sure that Baki could let it go even if he wanted to. He's one of the village's senior shinobi, a right hand to the former Kazekage. An investigation would have to be carried out if he had clear evidence of what was going on.
"..."
Stopping the false flag was what mattered, and I would do it all over again. The kinds of problems that it could drag Leaf into...it's little wonder I was sent over, then. I doubt that Shikaku and Hiruzen had this specific instance in mind, but any political problem avoided is a blessing in itself.
"There is...a lot to take in," Temari mutters. She puts a hand to her head.
The long and short of it is...I was not supposed to be in that place at that time. If I had left when I was being persuaded to, we would have had a much different conversation earlier. In any case, we wouldn't be currently standing around in silence.
"Gaara's right. You did what you had to do," Temari says to me. "And I can't get mad at you for that. I wouldn't get mad at you. You did a lot of things right, and we as a village...definitely overreached. All of that aside, you've done a lot for me and my family. Listening to me and doing your best to keep me safe. Giving Gaara another chance to rethink his life instead of ending him, like you could have at any time. And of course, looking after those girls. Aiko especially had a lot of nice things to say about you. Makoto was...appropriately Makoto. You know how she is."
"I certainly do."
"Well...we can leave it at that. You probably won't call on this mess of a village for help in the near future, but if you need us, we're right here."
"Thank you, Temari. I will be here for you as well, both on and off the beaten path."
She nods and we share a warm hug. I shake hands with Baki and Gaara before stepping back and bowing towards the three of them.
"Until the next," I say with a smile.
"Yeah. Till next time, Scarlet Viper," Temari says, smiling back. I knock on the door and it opens, the kunoichi acknowledging me with a nod before closing it again. Those three are no doubt having their own discussions, but...that is no longer my issue. This mission is officially over, and the rubber stamp will come once I make it back home to the Leaf.
"So said...so done. Time to go." I gather my things from the storage area at the front of the building and leave, walking through the village and towards its entrance. It would have been nice to taste more of Gaara's cooking, but he'll be busy for a while yet, unfortunately.
"Hey, Cap!"
"Hm?" I turn my head to see Makoto running towards me. "Fancy meeting you here. Are things well?"
"Yeah, totally. I was hoping you hadn't gone home yet...wanted to show you something. If you have time, I mean. Looks like you're already packed."
"Time shouldn't be an issue. What is it?" I ask.
"Follow me. I was talking to Aiko earlier but she had to run an errand or something with Remi. Kinda sudden, but whatever." We jump lightly across the rooftops and towards what looks like a small park. Certainly lush against the setting of the village itself, with green grass and trees scattered about. Currently, there is a group of shirtless men working out. They all seem to be shinobi, judging from the attire and the attitude of the person leading them. This group is in fine form, with fit and muscular bodies that glisten with sweat in the heat. A few women have gathered on the grass to watch, and I can't blame them for doing so. The aesthetics are dazzling.
"Is this what you brought me out here to see?" I ask Makoto with a smug smile.
"Hell no. We're early. I was gonna get some stuff for us to sip on, you wanted to come with?"
"I'll have what you're having."
Makoto shrugs. "Alright. Enjoy your sweaty men, then."
"Since you have asked so nicely, I will do so. Thank you."
She shakes her head and leaves while I get myself comfortable. Of course Makoto would have something so reckless in mind, but that's part of her charm. The group of men finishes their routine and socializes a bit before starting to move out. At that point, the female spectators disperse, seemingly satisfied with what they've witnessed.
"Hope you like pineapple."
"That sounds lovely. Thank you." I take the sealed cup from Makoto as she returns, settling into the grass next to me. "How much was it?"
"Need to know basis, Cap."
I nod with understanding and take a sip. Delicious. "So. With your obvious enthusiasm for the female form, how did you seize this opportunity without being a bother?"
"Ah, wasn't much. I was hanging out a couple times and some creeps pulled up, you know how men get. Took care of the situations as they popped up, and the ladies were very appreciative." She shrugs. "They're on the record as missions now. Remi, uh...hooked me up after Aiko asked. So I get a little pocket change and a nice show. There are other girls who take up the work when I can't, and they get the earnings, but it's usually my job here. Even if I wasn't getting paid, you can't go wrong with this."
"Indeed."
"Here we are," Makoto says with a smile. Our featured group arrives at last, women of different sizes and complexions wearing snug workout apparel. Certainly colourful, and a lovely sight to behold. A few of them wave and say their hellos to Makoto before getting into formation and starting their routines.
"The best part, though...you watch for a while and see everyone changing, meeting all of their goals and stuff. It's really great to see the strength and confidence kinda...boom. You know?"
"It gives them a lovely glow."
"Yeah, you get it. Well, I figured you would. That's why I brought you out here. I guess that, and part of it is making up for how I treated you when we first met, and...as thanks."
"I really only did my job," I say as I watch the ladies start their stretches.
"You did way more than that. And Aiko...you know how I feel about Aiko by now, obviously. But Suketsune and I have our families. She lost hers, and everything. You two talked, but more than that, you really and truly listened to her. You understood what she was going through and that meant a lot. It'll mean a lot going forward."
"Mm."
"So, you know. You've done a lot more than you realize."
"Perhaps so."
"You're pretty modest sometimes, you know that? It'd come off as weird if I didn't know you better."
"I'm not a very good person, Makoto. That sort of self awareness breeds restraint, and the modesty you speak of."
Makoto sips from her cup while focusing on the women in the distance.
"I don't really get it. But I look at things this way...you don't need to be a good person to be good to people."
That answer is something I hold within myself constantly. But hearing it from someone else...it's validating. A good...or rather, great feeling.
"Well said, Makoto."
"I have my moments, Lili." She raises her cup. "Precious smiles, right?"
"Yes. To those smiles we strive to protect."
We tap our cups together and drink, returning our attention to the beautiful flowers ahead of us.
A just reward for a job well done.

I move a bit slower than the last time and make it home in two days. The written report is delivered to Shikaku by hand, and we talk a while about what happened.
"A false flag...of all the things that could have happened there. So you took care of it on your own," he concludes.
"Yes."
"Hm. An operation like that...nothing complicated, then. Explains why they wanted someone around to lead their group in. A little bit of chaos goes down after you leave, no real timeline. They make the switch and start pushing the angle that Rock was involved."
"Leaf would be pulled in, because of the nature of the mission. Either from accusations that I was involved in the incident somehow, or because Sand needs an ally against the Hidden Rock, which is already wary of Leaf as it is."
"An excuse to grab more resources and manpower from us," Shikaku says with a nod. "And the old man isn't going to stand by and let bad things happen. It's not good for us if the Sand collapses, or worse is annexed by another village. That's part of why these aid missions are so important. We don't want Sand to remain feeble for many reasons. But their leadership got greedy this time and went too far."
"Indeed."
"That takes away more than a few headaches. You're really impressive, you know that?"
"I might be. It's what good shinobi do, isn't it?"
"This is above and beyond good," Shikaku says with a smile. "I'll have a chat with the Hokage about this. He'll probably just sit on it for a while after skimming the contents, but having this at the back of his mind will help us in the future. Hopefully what you did was enough of a warning shot to dissuade them from doing it again."
"Mm. I have my doubts they'll try it with anyone else. Missing the prize once has probably broken their confidence completely."
"Guess we'll see. We might have to talk about this later with the Hokage, but don't worry about that part right now. Go and get some rest, you've more than earned it. Welcome home."
"Thank you. Until the next, Shikaku."
He nods and I leave his office, stepping into the warmth of the Leaf once more. I yawn and realize that I truly am more tired than I thought.
Time to find my way into that warm, comfortable bed of mine.


Chapter 75
Scarlet Justice - ep. 75"Dusty Journals"
"So ideally, there would be constant generation of electricity using the supply from the reservoir. There would also be controls for peak and off peak power demand. Isn't it possible to have a system that uses natural gravity?"
"Such systems exist, yes. The goal however within current society is to have power that can be stored. If there is oversupply, it cannot be used in the mentioned system. The potential for environmental impact is lower, but if operation becomes intermittent as a result...you see where this goes, yes?"
"Hm."
Shino and I have been discussing the merits of hydroelectric power generation while watching Kurenai and Hinata practice swordplay. It's another day on the the training field. While I freely discuss the more enjoyable parts of the recent mission to the Sand, such as my lovely companions, for instance, the more active portions need to be sealed away for everyone's safety. I'm very sure that each of my comrades can take care of themselves, it's the village that I worry most about if someone were to make casual mention of my performance at any point in time. It's something that the Sand would hope for, anyways.
"Speaking of electricity."
"Yes, speaking of that. What happens to be on your mind, Shino?"
"I noted your appreciation of certain physical features with regards to your companions on the recent mission. A good while ago, when you formally introduced yourself, you expressed a desire to meet with young women that could be described as exotic in nature."
"I see. Well, two of them were already taken and the other prefers boys. Long distance relationships aren't impossible, especially with the ties that Sand has to Leaf, but it wouldn't have worked out this time for many reasons. Enjoying their company was enough."
"Hm."
"It is as I told my dear Aiko when we were together. I don't lay claim to every girl that walks this earth. Nor would I try to pressure them into relationships with me just because I wanted it. Now, if they awaken to the same desires as me...that's a different story."
"Awaken?"
"It's not something that can easily be identified one way or another. Simply a sort of feeling that lets you know what's happening and why it's happening. I have Luna and Ane-ue to thank for opening my eyes to this world's true pleasures."
"I see." He pushes up his glasses with one hand. The frame is a bit off balance, but I'm sure he'll get to that when he gets home. Those are an older pair, anyways. "I was merely wondering if you wouldn't be pursuing a relationship by now."
"Are you worrying for me?"
"I couldn't call it that. Curious, if I had to say anything."
"Mm. Well, there is someone on my mind. I'm going to see her soon...she's currently in a place outside of the village to the north, recuperating."
"An exotic foreigner?"
"You would think. This person is...interesting, in a lot of ways. Someone who should sit outside of my strike zone. Low and away, to be specific."
Shino subtly raises a brow. "Is that so."
"'Tis so."
"It sounds like a good thing, then. There must be something to the type of person that can draw you in despite all of those...disadvantages."
"That would be the right word, yes. I...sometimes wonder, Shino. I hope that this isn't some advanced form of pity on my part. There's a genuine feeling there. I don't know if she might turn into something, or rather someone more to me. The doubt that was there before has disappeared. I suppose I'll figure it out when I see her next. Such an unexpected thing."
"Yes."
"What about you?"
"Life has been unkind so far. My expectations are kept low as a result, to avoid any harsh feelings or disappointment."
"I see."
"Boss...if you could just leave it at that, I would appreciate it."
"You don't want to be condescended to. Of course. That said, you are not an undesirable person. Or...lame. Anything like that. A good woman will come your way soon enough."
"It would have to be entirely on luck, then. I lack my father's charisma." He turns to me. "Even that one...Koichi Nagano. There are women who desire companionship with him, openly. He has a cutting-edge gimmick and notable strength. I would be hard pressed to compete against that sort of thing, let alone the likes of Sasuke. Even Naruto has what's called a 'rugged charm' that attracts people like Hinata to him."
"Hm."
"Sorry, Boss. I don't mean to talk over you like that."
"There's nothing to apologize for, Shino. I stand by what I said earlier. You're a good person, and you will find a companion in good time. As the heavens will it, so shall it be done."
"Thanks."
It's nice to hear those sorts of things from him. That sort of feeling, that impression with regards to the world. A passion, you could call it, that most people would assume he didn't have. Right now it's a bit stressful for teenage boys, but it should fade away soon enough. What I've said will come to pass. Although...it wouldn't hurt to use my connections for his sake, and see what the pulse of the village is here. No chance that he hasn't gained a few fans lately. Further decisions will be left to him, as it should be. I don't want to meddle too much.
"All right, I think that's it for today. Lili, got time to spot for me? Feeling like some weights today," Kurenai says as she and Hina approach us.
"Easily done. We can eat something hearty afterwards."
"Yeah. I'll pay today."
"Noted. Then we will see you later, loves. You have my number if anything should come up," I say to Hina and Shino.
"Oh, Lili. There's something for you...give me a moment," Hina says as she runs to her bag. I receive a standard size envelope from her, with my name written in very neat strokes across the front. The back is sealed with wax. Very fancy.
"Who is this from?"
"I can't say. Hanabi handed it to me before I left this morning...I can only assume it's someone from the Main Family. But my part in this is over now that you have the letter."
"Mm. It seems serious. Urgent?"
"That wasn't relayed to me either."
"Very curious. I suppose that means I can keep them waiting for a week or so. I have important exploits to take care of in the meantime."
"Only you would treat a message from Hyuuga so casually."
"Yes, and you love that about me."
"I do, yes," Hina says with a smile. "You and Kurenai-sensei take care. Please don't overwork, okay?"
"Promise." We kiss each other on the cheeks gently. Kurenai and I leave the training field together and cross back into town, bags slung over our shoulders.
"It's getting a little hot out there, Lili."
"I see."
"Some people are...stuck up about the whole thing. It's not confirmed and will probably stay that way for a while. But people might start saying things they shouldn't, you know what I mean? Your circle's been quiet about it, as you probably know. Tsume...she hasn't gone as far as saying anything that would hurt you. Just loudly mentioning that you're a lady killer and all that."
"A little spice never hurts."
"You would say that." Kurenai sighs. "Listen, you've got the backing of the Hokage and everyone, but nobody's invincible."
"Kurenai, you don't need to worry about me too much. I will be fine, I promise you. If I do need your help, I will call."
"I know...just, you know."
"Yes, I know. I won't be too reckless. Nothing too obvious, nothing too serious...not yet, anyways."
"Good. And don't think about brushing me off or anything stupid like that. You're the one who kept teasing me and calling me onee-chan and whatever. So this is what you get, a couple earfuls from your big sister."
"It's something I appreciate very much," I say sincerely. "Thank you, Kurenai."
"Yeah. Be proud of yourself above all else. You're my Lili, no matter how many skirts you chase."
"Don't be too reckless yourself. I'm sure the Sarutobi Clan likes to keep their traditions intact. It wouldn't do for them to learn that you're running around with a wealthy little deviant while dating one of their sons."
"We're...not really a thing yet."
"Officially."
"Officially, yeah. I dunno, we haven't been on a proper date..."
"You don't need to go on one to be a couple."
"Right? That's what I told him, but he wasn't having it. I think one of his aunts kept insisting it was the case, and the Hokage...I don't think he wants to get in the middle of it. We haven't talked about it yet but he clearly knows."
"Should I move a few things around for you?" I ask.
"Ah...nah, it's fine as is. Maybe we'll do more teaming up once things start to slow down around here."
"Understood."
"Good. I think today should be a back day. Yeah, I like the sound of that. What about you?"
"I'll be resting for a few days, so I can take care of the legs today again," I say.
"Alright. Did you crack that mystery with the chakra mode yet?"
"Not yet. I feel like I'm getting close, though. It's not terribly urgent, the third and fourth stages are more than enough to take care of most enemies. Anyone who can shrug those off is an existential threat, or at least on the level of Orochimaru."
"Existential threat, huh."
I look up at Kurenai. "My estimation of myself is appropriately high."
"I won't argue with you there," she says with a smile.
The days continue to shorten. Autumn is crisp and comfortable as always...we approach winter in Fire Country with care and grace. Quite lovely to see.
I've made it to the usual resort north of the village. More patrons are arriving at this point in time, the space between autumn and winter where cool breezes mix with hot baths for a refreshing sensation. The outdoor baths are popular for this reason, and the indoor ones are also starting to fill up nicely. But while the hot springs are a treat, they're not why I'm here today.
I've decided to go with something normal enough for today's visit: a plain silk sweater in pink, and a comfortable pair of jeans. As hard as it is to keep a lower profile these days, I think I should make a token effort to try.
"Hm...let's see..."
There are a few small cafes in the area, and I look around them for a bit before spotting the person I wanted to see. They're sipping water on the patio of one such establishment.
"Fio!"
"Lili...it's nice to see you again." Her smile is gentle and a bit melancholy, if I had to say. The clothes she's wearing are plain and grey, most likely an attempt to keep attention away from her body. Unfortunately, it seems to be doing the opposite. The fit isn't very good and the colours make her look dull. Some of her long white hair is tied into a ponytail, with the rest sitting on her shoulders.
"I'm quite happy to see you as well. You're just having water today?" I ask as I nod towards her table.
"Just something while I decide what to eat...I'm not sure if I'll have much of anything, but I'll make an order anyways. No point in making extra work for people, after all. I didn't expect to see you again so soon. Have you come on business?"
"No, I came to see a friend of mine."
"Oh. I see."
"Fio, you silly girl. It's you."
She blushes. "Me? I...I see, then. Then I won't refuse you if you want to spend time with me. I'm really happy to hear that, especially because...well, I've really come to like you, Lili."
"I've come to like you too, Fio."
"I'm glad to hear that," she says with a cute smile. "I really wanted a chance to get to know you better. How long will you be staying?"
"Mm...a few days at least, maybe a week. There's not much for me to do in the village right now, since I just had an important mission and all. I also had a request granted for time off, so...it won't be a bother at all. Ane-ue is still on business and Luna has gone on a trip to the estate. My mother Emi is eager to see her again and hear reports on my progress. So this is a perfect time to play with friends."
"Ah...that's a lot. You really live a charmed life, Lili."
"Are we jealous?" I ask.
"Very. I craved that type of life at one point. Being an elite, gaining freedom...everything like that."
"Well, I don't mean to tease you. It certainly has its benefits, this level of prestige."
"Is that so...it's alright." She giggles a little and looks up at me. "Even if it's a small thimble of icing from the queen's cake...I want the chance to swallow it up, Lili."
I can't help but laugh at that. "Well, well. Quite a response from our Fio! Then I'll let you eat until you're satisfied and then some...let's enjoy ourselves, and open up our hearts a little together. Does that please you?"
"That would be lovely."
"Good. Let's start by sharing a treat at this establishment. I'll spoil you more afterwards."
We talk a bit about our recent exploits. I tell Fio as much as I can about the recent mission to the Hidden Sand, and she speaks about her efforts to try and gain a bit of weight. She says it's strictly for health reasons, but it's clear that there's more to it. In any case, I want to help her and take measures to do so.
Orochimaru's experiments have done a lot more to her than I realized. She can't eat like everyone else - I watched her at the cafe and she was consuming things in a manner that told me it was for sustenance only. She also didn't look very satisfied when we were both done. With that, I took her across town to a buffet-style place and told her to eat as much as she wanted. In the meantime, I watched her carefully. Fio can eat...an incredible amount of food for someone her size. But the manner in which she eats...she favours food with notable texture to it, the kind that she can repeatedly interact with. As for taste, it explains why she consumes things so listlessly at times. She can barely taste anything as she is. The most intense flavours, high amounts of spice and sugar for instance, elicit large reactions from her. Everything else is weak at best.
"I've never eaten this well before...and there are so many fancy dishes here. I've never seen a buffet like this," she says as she finishes eating.
"It's definitely upscale, which is why it carries some exotic types of dishes that would normally be too expensive for other establishments," I explain. My nose crinkles as I rub a very, very hot chili sauce into my steak. "Here, try this."
"Okay." She obediently opens her mouth and I place a slice of steak into it. She happily chews on it for a while before swallowing. "Wow! It's so juicy and tender...and I can taste all the flavours! What did you do?"
"Slathered it in abnormally hot chili sauces and spices, of course. Since you like it, go ahead and have the rest of it."
"You're sure?"
"Of course, of course. There's more than enough food for everyone here, you know."
"Right. I forgot where we were already. Mm-mm..." She sighs happily and wipes a tear from her eye. "That's...really nice. I guess I know how I can eat properly now..."
"Yes."
"I'm not that bright, so I didn't know what exactly was wrong...I just kept eating normally, and my appetite would kind of disappear after a while. Part of eating is the joy in it, you know? I love food, I always have. But after being fed such bad stuff by Orochimaru and Kabuto, and then just losing the ability to taste anything properly...it was hard up until now."
"That's not your fault," I say.
"I know. I just...feel like an idiot, even knowing all that."
"We'll get some more meat on your bones during this week, yes? I'll help you."
"I appreciate that. But...how come you want to help me so badly, Lili?"
"I really want to see you well. I've been thinking about you, you know. How you've been dealt such a bad hand. But even then, you held onto your confidence and optimism. Maybe...I want to see the Fio from a time gone by. A person who can be happy with herself, and in herself."
"I see. That's a noble goal."
"It sounds like it, yes."
"Oh?" She gives me a teasing smile. "Is there more?"
"Curiosity," I say honestly. "Perhaps...I want to see how beautiful a girl like you can become, sculpted by my hand."
"Ooh. A little self-interest on your end, then."
"Hmph. More than a little, my dear."
"That's more than fine. I like that you're paying me this much attention in the first place. You know...since you're so pretty."
"Oh, Fio. You don't need to flatter me anymore than this. I can buy you food tomorrow as well."
She laughs. "You're terrible, Lili!"
"The worst, as I've heard so many times before." I smile back at her. "And proud of it."
And so, we continue. We move through the week and continue to eat heartily together. I do a fair bit of running outside of the resort in order to keep in shape while Fio rests as much as she can. The results are a slight gain for me, and modest increases for her. A few pounds was more than I was expecting, and I have to wonder how long she'll keep it on for. I can ask Tsunade for advice, but something tells me the solution will involve some sort of rare drug or surgical procedure.
"Are you sure you're not spending too much on me?"
"You worry too much." Today's breakfast involves several types of pancake and a lot of syrup. I had the waitress bring out a large container for said syrup, so that she wouldn't have to run back and forth constantly replacing empty bottles. There are also plates of bacon and sausage, steak, eggs and vegetables. The table is almost crowded, but I can move my arms to eat at least.
"I don't think I'm worrying too much. Also, you don't have to eat as much as I do."
"It's fine," I say. "I could stand to put on a bit of weight anyways. It's not going to make me any slower. You know, normally I wouldn't allow anyone to do this to themselves, but that bit of information you revealed yesterday was helpful." I make myself a crude steak sandwich with tomatoes and bite into it. "On top of your already high metabolic processes, your unstable existence causes your body to self-repair continuously to equilibrium. That's what you said, wasn't it?"
"It's what I remembered that Orochimaru told me...or said in passing, at least. I might be mistaken. But it seems correct right now."
"It seems to track, yes. After all, your body has to remember the shape it was in before transforming into steam."
"I see. All of this is...I guess more than I can comprehend."
"I'm no expert when it comes to this either. Lady Tsunade would know more."
"Lili? Everything you've done so far has been wonderful. I think that if I keep at this, at my own pace...I can become whole again. Just knowing how to carry on means so much, you know?"
I nod. "I appreciate that. It's far from over, and I would like to know that you're truly well before we part ways again."
"It's as you said before. Patience. Right?"
"Right."
"Let's finish eating. It's...a bit difficult being stared at again," Fio says nervously. I shift my eyes to one side and see that the waitresses are gossiping. The bits and pieces I can catch from their conversation tell me that they're talking about us.
"Yes. Let's finish what we have here and go. How much did you want on your side?" I ask.
"Oh, can I hog the pancakes? They're so good and I haven't had any in a while..."
"Anything your little heart desires," I say with a smile. "There you go. I'll have myself a few of these steaks. They can be worked off properly later."
We eat steadily and finish off every plate on the table. I leave a tip and we exit the restaurant without a word. Fio seems very happy, and her spirits have been lifted over the past few days. A cute, sleepy-eyed young woman. And a pleasure to be with at all hours. I wonder...what it is I'm thinking. Wondering what I'm thinking. A contradiction if there ever was one, one would argue. But I'm not sure if I'm subconsciously masking my thoughts, or transforming them into something else entirely. Maybe this would be a good time to say something to her about that.
The scenery around us is nice and lush. There are many trees planted, some with blossoming flowers that inject splashes of colour into the area. I look up at them while thinking of what to say.
"Lili?"
"Yes, Fio. What is it?" I ask her.
"I'm going to be a bit...forward again."
"I certainly don't mind that. Did you have something that you wanted to ask?"
"I want to know where it all started for you. Some of your story, where you came from...things like that. If it's not too much to ask, I know things like this can get very personal and sensitive, all of that."
"Is that all you want of me?"
"It's a lot. It's enough, if you wanted to do that."
"..."
I gently take her hand and we move down one of the side streets, further away from the rising steam of the outdoor springs. A small clearing comes into view, with a smooth and flat rock that's big enough for two people. I seat Fio and then sit beside her.
"Lili?"
"It's not something insolent, if you're thinking that. I...just wanted to ask. Why did you want to know all of a sudden?"
"I'm not really sure. It's hard to explain." Fio puts her hands over her chest and takes a deep breath in. "There's a thumping in my heart. It makes a loud echo that I can't ignore. Every part of me...mind, body, and spirit. When I get near you like this, I feel so peaceful. So...I wanted to learn more. I wanted to know more about the girl who has already gone this far for me, who has decided on her own to show me this much kindness."
"..."
"Even if it's only a small, short glimpse...I really want to see inside of your heart."
I really didn't expect this. In some ways, it is a lot to take in. It is a lot to show someone that, in comparison to so many others, I have only just met. And yet...I felt strongly enough to reach out to Fio and treat her like this, like someone who was worth far more than the sum of their parts.
Our eyes meet, and are locked together for what feels like a long while.
And then, I slowly part my lips to speak.
I was born Lilith Caroline Rothschild. A child who met the average in every aspect, normal and healthy looking. My father, Leonidas Rothschild, born Newton. My mother, heiress to a massive fortune, Caroline Athena Rothschild.
It was April 20th of a certain year. Once my gender was known, my father made the decision to name me after the temptress, the demon, out of pettiness and frustration. My mother frowned upon it, but she was above all else a woman. She had no power, especially once she was married off. In the end, the family agreed with the name, thinking it was appropriately exotic. My mother found a hidden beauty in it for herself. Lily...or Lili. A blossoming, heavenly flower.
My father was almost never present. My mother was always protective and sometimes smothering. She had her quirks and annoyances, but she genuinely loved me, and showed it at every turn.
I started life as a happy child with good prospects. My grades carried well, year after year. I learned proper speech and etiquette, including the basics of several different languages. Among them was the common tongue of this land, of course. I was curious and wanted to learn the family trade, but said family was very old-fashioned - that is to say, misogynistic. My mother planned to teach me in secret at a certain point, just so that I could properly control my own destiny. Even for a noblewoman, she was reckless, impulsive, and just a bit self-absorbed. Her appetite for food and drink was infamous; she could drink anyone under the table with ease, and devoured entire roast chickens on her own, even after being scolded by the cooks repeatedly. She loved games of all kinds, especially the newer electronic games of the time that excited her immensely. We often played together once I was done with my studies. She tinkered with electronics and tools, even if she didn't understand what was going on inside of them. She loved my red hair and played with it whenever she could, which ended up being therapeutic. My mother was a strange woman, but she gave me a normal and memorable early childhood. She wanted as much of my time as she could have, but she never hurt me. She never tried to change me, she never forced a single thing onto me. Maybe she was a little pouty, but it was all in good fun. And as far as my father's demands, along with that of the family...she was always smartly obedient. She never caused chaos that would give them any reason to reprimand her. She always accepted and adapted as needed.
My mother Caroline was...an eccentric. She carried on as she wanted, mostly because of the fact that my father was almost never home. I recall her figure and it would be best described as average. Definitely on the thinner side, nothing too amazing. But she had a beautiful face that could launch at least a thousand ships. And of course, that brilliant head of red hair, which she was proud of, just as she was of mine. She carried herself charmingly, and had a nimble mind that she used to navigate the world of the elites with ease. I didn't understand what it all meant at the time, so it simply looked like some sort of magic that she used. The ability to charm men and then turn them away in a single motion. The strength to stand up to other women and redirect their barbs in a single breath. She was amazing...someone that I called a heroine within myself.
My father, Leonidas...someone who took great care of his appearance, and had a youthful face. I didn't inherit his most desirable features, his blue eyes and blonde hair. I know now that my head wrapped in scarlet was his greatest shame. But...I wouldn't know it for certain. He was never around enough for me to know what he was like underneath the tuxedos and three piece suits. He was straightforward, some would call him logical. Exceedingly bitter. Only cared about results and obtaining them by any means. He constantly bought presents and that distracted me up to a point. I soon longed for him to be there while I opened them. For him to...see the happiness that might have been on my face. To be able to say a thank you for thinking of me. It's possible that he wasn't thinking of me at all when buying those gifts. Or that he never once paid it any mind, and it was just one of the help that bought something for little girls and handed it to my mother with a note. There are so many things. So many thoughts. Hm. As much as I try to deny him in my memories...
I lived a life that floated on the waves of normalcy, at least for a wealthy child.
It was in my seventh year of that life that I watched my mother wither away.
She held herself upright in the face of her illness. She smiled, and she laughed. She broke down, and she cried. She was miserable, and angry. She searched for meaning in everything that she could. And she hid nothing from me. I saw her as she was, and as she could be. I did what I could to comfort her. I tried to be by her side. That eccentric heroine that I loved so much, the woman that I wanted to be one day...she was eaten away in the space of a month. She died in the way she wanted, with me nearby. Though...I know she wished for more time. She wanted to show me the world, to keep all of those promises she made to me. But I remember that she was warm even in death. I remember that above all else.
There was a fortune she held, and it was passed onto my father. If he grieved for her, I couldn't tell in the short moments we were together. Eventually, we decided to leave for parts unknown. It was sudden and startling. I watched as he indulged himself for two long years, and he tried to buy me off to hide his guilt. That guilt that kept bleeding through, but that I also turned my eyes away from because it frightened me. All those implications. I saw the darkness of the world, and ended up immersed in visions of sin. Thinking back on it...it was little wonder that I turned out like this. So...liberated. Watching the glistening skin of those models and working girls who walked in and out of rooms, looking to deliver good times and partake in pleasures for themselves...it wasn't an awakening like I would experience later, but it did twist many things loose in me. Things I wouldn't talk about or act on out of fear and weakness, but things all the same. Those dark memories were buried in my heart like seeds, and only needed a bit of sustenance to grow.
My father courted and married a woman by the name of Emi Kobayashi. He took over the family business the moment they were married, and never looked back from there. There was no time wasted, and he settled back into his old ways. I was just baggage again. Emi was...a shrewd, selfish woman who openly manipulated anyone that she wanted. A ruthless bitch, to be blunt. There was a maid by the name of Lunamaria Daidouji who was hired to keep me, the child, in a distant corner. To be seen and never heard. I resumed life and my studies, but I had changed. I no longer understood myself, and stopped talking unless I absolutely had to. I forgot how to smile properly. It turned into...that. A twisted imitation of what I remembered those filthy adults doing whenever they would approach me. Something that frequently chilled me to the bone, and was etched into my mind. A smile that came from my head, and never my heart.
This was the person that I had become. The person that I would remain as until that day, where I met Midori. Everything from there...changed.
Love...have I ever fallen in love before? No. I never liked boys in that way. They sometimes played with me, out of novelty because I wasn't like the other girls. That stoic nature and attention to detail made me tolerable. Girls hadn't come to mind in the same way as they do now, and I was always pushed away from their in groups because of my nature.
My father. I hate my father. I say it over and over again. I mean it, but I wonder if I'm just trying to convince myself that it's the truth. I don't want anything to do with him, for many reasons. He wasn't there when my mother died. He wasn't there when she was sick. He wasn't there when she was well. And he always...saw me as a mistake, no matter how hard I tried to prove otherwise.
Home was a big and empty place that I don't remember much of. It was my mother who gave colour to those walls, and without her...there was nothing. But I have vivid memories of those bars and gentlemen clubs, those brothels, those hotels that would cost a normal person an entire month's rent for a single night. I remember the women of the night who would look at me as if I were a doll to play with. I remember how they would try to talk to me and around me like I was stupid. I remember the leers of the men who saw me sitting alone in lobbies, waiting for my father to finish fucking some expensive whore before he treated me to an overpriced, unfulfilling meal for the third or fourth night in a row.
There was a time where I sat in a room alone, thinking about dying slowly.
No. That's wrong.
There were many times like that.
"It's...heavy."
Fio's voice is quiet as I finish speaking. It feels like the energy has been sucked out of me, just recalling those memories.
"Does the past feel...distant now?"
I parse her question slowly. "It's some distance away, but...never truly gone. As if I can see it each time I look over my shoulder."
"No wonder. Thank you for telling me all of that, Lili. It means a lot, that you could trust me like this."
"Of course. This is among the least of things I could do for you." I look at Fio closely. "Please remember what I tell you."
"What is it?"
"Love yourself. Love your body, in the way that only you can. No matter what people might think or say, you are not a monster. Do you understand?"
She pauses a moment before smiling and nodding. "Yes. I understand, Lili."
"Good."
"Your mom sounds really cool. Caroline, I mean. But you mentioned Emi...is she really that bad?"
"Depends on what you mean by bad," I say as I leave my seat. Fio does the same and walks next to me as we return to the resort. "Our relationship now is splendid, to the point where we're girlfriends and share raunchy stories over the phone."
"Wow...that's, um. Interesting."
"You don't know the half of it. Did you know what that woman said to me the other day? She said she had tapes being sold in stores."
"Tapes? What kind of tapes?"
I give Fio a look and she gasps.
"No way...someone had to have noticed..."
"Apparently she was in disguise, but I doubt that's good enough. Or it won't be for long. When we first met, she would put me in these hideous dresses," I say to Fio. "We did reminisce about that the other day, and there was an interesting sort of psychological play going on that I didn't think of until she mentioned it..."


Chapter 76
content warning: drugs and discussion of such.
there's some casual drug references and general discussion in this chapter, just wanted to put up the cw just in case.
Scarlet Justice - ep. 76"Rusty Hinges"[Fire Country Night Session: Opening]
I'm awake as soon as I hear the sharp knocks on the door. I can smell coffee. Low quality, but coffee all the same. Luna has already left her bedroom, and I wait for her to assess the situation.
"Of course. I'll get her right away."
It's 2 am. Thankfully, I've already had the four hours of good sleep that I need to be refreshed. This is still annoying, though. I wonder what's happening.
"Miss Lili?" Luna calls as she opens the door.
"I'm here, Luna. What is it?"
"Miss Kurenai is at the door for you. She's fully dressed."
"Understood. Tell her that I'll be out in a moment. Don't make anything, we can grab a bite to eat later. Perhaps the same place where she got that coffee from..."
I think on what I want to wear as I get out of bed and go to wash my face in the bathroom. Something simple, perhaps? No, I don't want to be too plain for whatever this is. Ah, whatever. I bought all of those uniforms for a purpose, let's mix and match one of those.
"I wonder just what the hell is happening at this hour..." A yawn escapes me and I shake my head free of the earlier haze. Should be awake by now. Okay...generic Leaf sweater, a nice black and red skirt with pleating to allow better movement, and a good pair of high socks. I turn quickly a few times in the mirror and slip on my armband before leaving.
"Are we ready?" Luna asks, wrapped up in a thin robe.
"We are ready. I'll call if anything serious comes up." We exchange kisses briefly before I open the door. Kurenai is casually sipping on her coffee.
"Asuma is gonna meet us at the office. Luna, I'll see you," she says.
"Yes. Take care, both of you."
Kurenai hands me a cup of coffee, and we start on our way through the village.
"Sorry about the quality, but I wanted to pick something up quickly before I got to your place. It's got a big kick, though. Woke me right up."
I take a sip and nod. "You're right. Lacking in flavour, but what I need right now." I down the rest of the coffee as we soar above the rooftops, and then drop it in the appropriate bin once we near the Hokage's Office. There's a fair bit of activity for this hour - the shinobi of the village are technically never off duty, and there is a presence here at all times, but not to this degree. It's clear there's a major problem, and that it has to be cleared up very quickly.
"Captain Yuuhi, Captain Kobayashi. This way, please."
A tired looking man in uniform leads us past the Hokage's normal setting and into a side room where Asuma is already sitting. He gives us a wave and lights up a cigarette.
"Real pain in the ass. Wonder what it is this time," he mutters while puffing out smoke.
"Hopefully a false alarm," Kurenai says. "I wouldn't mind going straight back to bed."
"Call it a hunch, but I believe the three of us were assembled for a very specific reason. It seems that sleep will have to wait a while longer."
"Very perceptive of you, Lili." The Hokage enters with a folder tucked under his arm, and he closes the door behind him. We take our seats on the various chairs scattered around the room and he smokes on his pipe a while, flipping through his notes.
"I always aim to exceed expectations, sir."
"God, it's too early for this," Kurenai groans.
"There have been varying reports of attacks on military installations to the east of the village. We've taken care of them for the most part, but something concerning has taken place. There is reason to believe that rogue agents from this village have participated in a heist, targeting a cache of explosive tools and several million ryo worth of materials and currency," the Hokage says.
"Any one of those things on their own might be low level, but all of it at once is certainly a cause for concern," I say. "Do we have an estimate on numbers?"
"None so far."
"That is a problem. They're east of here, so I expect them to try and flee towards the sea or something like that," Kurenai says. "I'm guessing we've been chosen because of our unique skill sets."
"If the shipment cannot be reliably retrieved, I would like it destroyed so as not to fall into the wrong hands. We are already prepared to accept the losses, so it will be a call that is made in the field. The rogue agents will hopefully have been identified in the one to two hours that it will take you to reach the outpost. My preference is that they be captured alive...but again, that is a call to be made in the field."
It's incredibly obvious what the old man is doing, so nobody says anything to that effect. This is a very straightforward mission that needs to be accomplished with the greatest speed. Three skilled, trustworthy, and experienced jounin are just the solution.
"Any further questions?"
"The level of opponent we will be facing, if you would, sir. I understand it will be written in the report, but it's better for me, personally, to hear the details from you."
"Suck-up," Kurenai mumbles. Asuma pats her shoulder gently and mouths out to hush.
Hiruzen chuckles. "I'm flattered to hear such things. It means that I haven't yet lost my touch. The opponents are, unfortunately, former members of the ANBU Black Ops. There is a possibility that at least one of their collaborators is a current member. That will have to be determined from reports on site. Reinforcements have been called, and we have set up a wide area to be monitored based on estimations of the supply weight, terrain, and mobility of the suspected missing-nin."
"You mean whatever was carrying the cache hasn't been located yet," Asuma says.
"No, not yet."
"Guess that means we have work to do. Alright, whoever's the most awake at this point should run point. That means I'm out."
"I suppose that I'll do it this time," I say. "We can start off quickly and investigate the disappearance of the cargo first."
"Here you are," Hiruzen says as he hands me a scroll. "Leave at your own discretion and report back before you return home, so that I can prepare everything properly."
"Yes, sir," we all say in unison.
"Good luck to you." He gives us a friendly smile before exiting the room. I open the sealed scroll and look at the data contained within.
"Mm."
"Trouble?" Kurenai asks.
"I have a feeling that a few of these are Danzo's dogs, caught in the act by someone who shouldn't have been watching. No major landmarks...there's a dam, but it's too far away from any populated areas and the path wouldn't make it suitable for a terrorist attack. Seems like a snatch and grab."
"No way they got anywhere with all of that stuff to lift," Asuma says. "Bet money they have an Earth Release user and buried the whole thing somewhere."
"We'll sniff it out. As the Hokage said, what happens next is up to us. They'll be busy evading the patrols, so our first important decision is which direction we're coming from."
"I doubt they're heading for the village, there are probably a few squads set up just in case they do."
"There is indeed a platoon of about thirty, genin and chuunin mainly. Do not engage orders are in effect, teams are travelling in pairs at minimum and covering sections ranging from the northeastern outskirts to the southeast. Barrier team is on high alert and available sensor types are in hidden locations," I say to Kurenai. "We should be good to go. Equipment?"
"All good," Asuma says.
"Yeah, good here," Kurenai says.
"Alright, then. I propose we approach directly from the village, going east and aiming for the outpost. Objections?"
My companions shake their heads.
"Then we are all set. Time to clock in."
Asuma puts out his cigarette and drops it into a small cylinder. Kurenai stifles a yawn and pulls her headband tight. We leave the room together and exit the building, then accelerate towards the village entrance.
Night missions are difficult for many reasons. Reduced visibility, logistical issues, stealth, and so on. It's actually not any easier sneaking around at night compared to the day, unless you have a focused and particular set of skills for that purpose. You want to be able to navigate with an alternative suite of senses. Moving quietly is a must. Knowledge of main and alternate routes to targets and way points. Shinobi are obviously able to operate at night, but a small percentage of us are actually good at it.
And naturally, I am in that number.
The ability to track targets by scent is one aspect of it. Perception and discipline are another. I am quite good at what I do, and it explains why I have been promoted so early, and chosen for so many missions. Things like this, especially. The old man was as careful with his wording as always, and so I understood exactly what he meant. We're being sent out at 2 am to clean up a very serious spill. Can't stain the rug, after all.
This trip through the forest is relatively quiet as we move at a high rate. The village is two hours away normally; we want to make it there in one or less. That way, we will end up on top of the traitors and their precious cargo. It's quite cool out tonight, so the sweater was a prudent choice for this outing.
"Here we go," Asuma announces. We've reached the outpost, and there are two shinobi waiting at the entrance. We jump through the trees and land a safe distance away, giving them time to recognize us.
"Great, you're here." They approach with their headbands visible, putting away their weapons. We exchange the universal hand signals in order and acknowledge each other. "It's been a long night already," one of them says to Asuma.
"No kidding, has to be. Any casualties?"
"One. He's on a breathing machine right now, but he'll make it. The situation-"
"Wait, now. Talking to the wrong guy," he says while nodding towards me. The two men slowly turn to face Kurenai, who shakes her head and nods towards me again. Then their heads move downwards, and I wave politely.
"Good morning. Captain Kobayashi here."
"O-oh! Captain Kobayashi!" the younger of the two says. His brown hair is short and formed into spikes on top of his head. The older partner, a man with black hair shaved flat, seems relieved as well. "So they sent you out...great. Means that we'll get those bastards. Sorry for not recognizing you right away, ma'am."
"It's fine, no offence taken. Before you tell me what's happening, I would like your names, please."
"Ma'am. Sanjou Taneda, chuunin."
"Ringo Kawasaki, ma'am. Chuunin," the older man says.
"Good. Lilith Kobayashi, with my associates here. Asuma Sarutobi..."
"Yo."
"...and Kurenai Yuuhi."
"Morning."
"I am the commanding officer for this mission. Please tell me what you know so far."
"Cargo was moving through the forest at about...zero forty five, best estimate. Attack took place quickly. Surgical, just about. Felt like an inside job," Taneda says.
"We've gathered information that suggests it's the case. Very possible that a collaborator is among you."
"Ah, shit."
"Be calm, now. That collaborator won't want to draw any attention to themselves at all, so that will pacify them until the mission is over. We will find them, but we need to give them a false sense of security until our primary objectives are completed. That way, we can weed them out later. Cargo was reported as a mix of material, including cash."
"Explosives in there. We think the cargo is in the forest somewhere, nearby," Kawasaki says. "Best option is to sniff it out, but...if I still have my druthers about me, sending the whole thing up is in play."
"As much was mentioned to us at the briefing," I say. "Easily written off by both sides. I suspect there's something else we've yet to find, and that's the reason for this strike. Shinobi don't risk their careers on something so flimsy. Manifests?"
"Inside at our little strategy centre."
"Let's go," I say. Everyone falls in behind me, and we walk up to the checkpoint. The shinobi on watch acknowledge us and open the gates. "What was the guard like?"
"Five requested, two on," Taneda says.
"Reeks of a setup," Asuma replies. "You don't head out with three people missing on detail unless you know everything that's going to happen on that route. They kept one guy out of the loop so that it would look more authentic than it was. Guessing that's what put him in intensive care."
"Had to be."
We make it to a small room inside the outpost and Kawasaki unrolls a scroll that contains the shipping manifest.
"There's the money...gold, silver, copper. Platinum there, a small amount. Not enough to justify this hit, though," I mutter. "The explosives look important enough, but again...I would guess a crew of four, maybe five. Experienced enough to pull this off, but they must have hit a snag other than their unwilling participant."
"Did you want to talk to him?" Taneda asks.
"No, no. Please let him rest. I don't doubt that he saw something, but...it's not something that would help us fast enough to make a difference. There should be two copies of the manifest here. One copy from the beginning of the journey and another one for this checkpoint. The others are probably with the driver, who is hopefully alive somewhere, and the person receiving the cargo at its destination."
"I dunno. Uncle, did we get two?" Taneda asks Kawasaki.
"Checking right now...should be it right here," he says as he hands Kurenai a scroll. She hands it to me and I open it up, looking at them side by side. "I'm gonna guess they screwed us."
"An astute observation. The tare weights are different. They likely explained the discrepancy by saying that the delivery vehicles were of differing types by the time the delivery was made, but the same registration is here and there were no other major changes. All of the numbers are correct otherwise, smartly adjusted to avoid further suspicion. But..."
"What're you thinking, Captain?" Taneda asks.
"I'm going to guess that the clever little trick was too clever for its own good."
Asuma laughs. "That's gotta be a pain in the ass. They screwed up the details on the ground, so that's why they had to ditch the cargo in the forest. Way too big and heavy for the calculations they had, and I'm going to guess that the contraband couldn't be moved out on its own without some major issues."
"What kind of contraband would it be?" Taneda asks him.
"Drugs," the four of us say in unison.
"Drugs...what the hell. Why drugs? To sell in the Leaf? Seriously?"
"Drugs are an easy way to launder money, raise funds, offer incentives, influence certain segments of society, etcetera," I say.
"So it's a yakuza hit?"
"Nah, kid. I told you, it's that uh...deep state bullshit," Kawasaki says while taking out a cigarette. Asuma gives him a light.
"Oh, hell. That doesn't exist, man."
"You kidding me? Deep state is everywhere. The amount of drugs that go in and out of Fire Country, no way the gangsters are moving that weight by themselves. Goddamn spooks are always watching."
"In any case, drugs are the logical choice. You can fit a lot of it into tight spaces and it commands the kind of street value that would help an organization grow exponentially," Kurenai says. "We have our suspicions about who's behind this."
"Can't say, huh."
"Not if you like having ten fingers by the end of this," Asuma says to Taneda. The younger man nods sagely.
"I'd think you would want the wagon brought back as evidence," Kawasaki says after taking a long drag on his cigarette.
"Probably coke. Maybe the black tar, though you could rake over the hospital shipments for some of that for an easier score," Asuma muses while lighting up his own cigarette. "Doubt they'd risk going rogue over opioids, though."
"Rules out speed, then," Kurenai says as she opens up a window.
"What about...what about the rock stuff?" Taneda asks. "You know, the crystals?"
"That's processed cocaine," I say to him. "It's made like that for efficiency's sake. That way you can smoke it."
"Shit. Wait, how do you know that?"
"First hand observations," I say as I look over the manifests again.
"Damn. Sorry, Captain."
"No harm meant. Whatever it is, it's not something cheap. The heist was staged as a sort of misdirection."
"So they could have taken the drugs and left?"
"No, no. They couldn't get to the drugs. Otherwise they would have left the cargo out in the open, picked at like the work of some vultures to throw us off the trail. It's out there, and they're desperate to get at their precious supplies before we can. Kawasaki, thoughts?"
"Me? Ah...there's probably another layer to this. Couldn't tell you what right away. Let me see one of those manifests."
I hand it over to him and he looks up and down the list.
"Yeah, there's something interesting after all. See these components here? They're usually keyed up for tactical tools...bombs, really. So you have a few things here that are separated, metal mixes and oxidizers that suggest they're going to make flash bombs out of the material, but...there's another thing listed here. A batch of apple-scented postcards. You and I have never heard of such a thing in our lives, and that's because it's code. The 'ha' and 'ri'."
"Shit. White phosphorus," Asuma says.
"It's a good thing I decided to check with you, ossan," I say with relief. "Thank you so much for that."
"They were smuggling white phosphorus in, too? Isn't that stuff illegal?" Kurenai asks.
"Far as we know, but shinobi aren't exactly known to play fair. But the reason you'd hide it so well from everyone is because it's not going to be used by the military," Asuma says.
"Paramilitary groups and the yakuza would like to get their hands on this. Probably security forces in Sound Country, now that their military is destabilized and they want control of their production regions back," I add in. "White phosphorus is tracked like little else in this world. It's murder to handle and particularly nasty when used as an incendiary. It has seen extensive use as a smoke bomb, but I can guess that the potential buyers are interested in things that are a little more lethal than that."
"This helps us, right?" Taneda asks. "Something that dangerous and valuable can't have gone too far."
"You're right about that. So...we'll get started on a proper plan to catch the traitors before the sun can come up. At that point, they'll have their wits about them and can navigate easier to their escape routes, wherever they might be. If we strike, it has to be now."
A knock on the door interrupts us. Taneda goes to get it.
"Oi, we got something. A few of the trackers detected disturbances heading west, in the direction of the village. Nothing past the perimeter, and we still haven't found the cargo yet," another shinobi says from outside.
"Okay, that's good. Hold on a second. Captain, did you get all that?"
"I did. I already have a little something in mind. Kawasaki, any Earth Release jutsu in your bag?" I ask.
"One or two, none for detailed excavation, though."
"That'll be good enough. I'll need you for a bit to help me out before we leave, just for a little contingency. Taneda, relay this message. Thirty minutes from the last broadcast, I want everyone outside to hold their positions for about five minutes. They are not to move for any reason that isn't protecting their life or that of a comrade's. At the thirty minute mark, I want all radio signals to be jammed for five minutes exactly. Asuma and Kawasaki will cover the northeast section closest to the outpost and will perform a manual search for the cargo. Assess the situation, box it in properly, and then it will be your call based on the terrain whether you send it up or not. If not...you'll have to wait for me a while. If my memory is still good on this, white phosphorous isn't a big fan of water. I've got plenty of it. Kurenai, I'll need you with me. We're going hunting."
"Yes, ma'am. Ready when you are."
"Good. Taneda, you'll be here managing things. Grab us a few portable radios and come back after delivering those orders, we'll go back and forth before those thirty minutes are up and make sure everyone is in position."
"Yes'm. Delivering orders," he says as he leaves with the other shinobi.
"As for us, we'll go over things one last time before moving. On such short notice it won't be the end of the world if something goes wrong, but we don't want things to go wrong, period. Here we are..."


Chapter 77
Scarlet Justice - ep. 77"Barn Doors"[Fire Country Night Session: Feature]
We move ahead as planned. Kurenai follows me closely as we move through the forest at a slow pace, trying to pick out any unusual chakra signatures or movements. Everyone is still scrambling to get into position, so it won't be easy to pick out who we should be going after at this point. There's still time before we freeze everyone on our side.
"How are things going, Taneda?" I call over the radio around my wrist.
"Everything is going according to plan, ma'am. Nothing to report so far, still quiet out there. Twenty minutes to go."
"Excellent. Have everyone keep their eyes and ears open. Report anything of importance as soon as you hear of it." I turn to Kurenai. "Anything on your end?"
"Nothing."
"We might not get as lucky as we want, but it's still nice to look for opportunities."
"Five minute window...you think it'll be enough?"
"It should be. No chance they want to stay in the forest longer than this. They'll move and expose themselves, or I'll hunt them all down. No in-between."
"Got it. Just give me the signal and I'm there."
The split offensive and supplementary disciplines are here for a specific purpose. No doubt there will be countermeasures taken for someone like Kurenai, but if there's a chance I can act fast enough to negate them, we can take advantage of the situation quickly. The distinct smell of black powder repeatedly reaches my nose; it seems like these ones aren't taking too many chances.
Five more minutes pass with the same report from Taneda, then ten. We're getting close to the promised time.
"Asuma, it's me."
"Hey. What's happening on your side?" he answers.
"Nothing so far. I can smell black powder, and the scent is getting stronger as time passes."
"Yeah, sounds like they're not screwing around. ANBU guys definitely have their extreme methods...if I had to guess, we might be looking at one or more guys with bomb vests. Means we might have to abandon any attempts at capture. We still haven't found the cargo yet, but we're getting close to it. Lots of misdirection being applied in this area alone."
"Alright. Do what you can and then start winding down as discussed."
"Right. See you in a while, Lili."
"So they're coming up blank, too. And I can definitely smell the gunpowder you're talking about now," Kurenai says.
"Yes. Something is definitely happening...but it's only a few minutes before our plan goes into action. Let's stick to it."
We stop in a tall tree nearby, and I close my eyes to focus as much as possible on the signals that are coming to me. The gunpowder is coming from two different sources that are moving. I can't attack them yet, though. I can feel that the perimeter is holding and that nobody has broken it, or altered the initial formation meaningfully. Taneda would have said as much if it did happen.
Less than five minutes now.
"I'll move towards the first suspected target, and you can handle the other at the same time," I say to Kurenai, keeping my eyes closed. "It will help immensely if there's a thought that the attacking force is much bigger and closer than it seems. Any objections?"
"Nope. Let's do what we have to."
"Good."
"One minute to jamming," Taneda announces. "Get ready to hold your positions. Repeat, one minute to radio jamming. All personnel, hold your positions."
"Northwest section, shift your attention a bit further north. We're not expecting much of a drive out to the main road since they have yet to retrieve the cargo. We want to be careful since there are some explosives and there might be traps in the vicinity to set them off," I announce.
"Copy, Captain. Shifting focus," a voice calls back. But obviously, he's not going to physically move in that direction. And if I'm correct, then...
"Twenty seconds to jamming. All personnel, hold your positions."
"Slowly...slowly..." I keep my focus and continue tracking the targets, who have come to a stop. "And..."
Static.
"We're jammed," Kurenai says.
"Sixty degrees...seven hundred meters. That one is certain to have an explosive vest, so be careful," I say to her. "Do what you can, but no more than that."
"Understood." Kurenai vanishes into the night a moment later. I advance towards my own target, keeping to the trees and lowering my profile as much as possible. There are a few tricks I have in mind to make stalking prey easier in the future, but this will do for now. Learning those will take some time, and I would rather not rush things. I drop lightly to the ground and sneak past one of my comrades, then move even lower and crawl along the ground on my stomach. Certainly unglamourous, but highly efficient in my case. Ah, this reminds me of that time during the exams. That was fun...making that trash squeal before I slaughtered him. But I can reminisce on that another time.
The stench of gunpowder is overwhelming. Is this one a decoy? I don't know for sure, perhaps I'll find out in a little while. Kurenai is still approaching her target, and the others aren't moving. So it's as I thought, they were listening in on the radio calls and using that to coordinate their escape. Staying put should be the safest option in this case.
Or, it would be. But their plan has a massive weakness. Me.
I crawl closer to my target and can see him pressed up against a tree. Clearly a grown man, in good shape and wearing facial paint so that he can blend better into the darkness. Must have been put on after the initial heist went south. His breathing is barely steady, and he keeps peering out into different parts of the forest, as if he suspects something is going on nearby.
One minute and thirty seconds gone. Right...I'll use this one to make some noise. Kurenai is on top of her target and...now has them subdued. My turn, then.
I charge Mobius and get to one knee quickly, aiming directly at the man's chest. He barely turns as the shot rips through him, and then after a delay the vest packed with powder goes off, sending up a blast that's aided with more than a few explosive tags. It's loud, definitely. It's also started a small fire that I'll put out in a moment, but I'm more interested in the movements of the others. If they haven't started towards the supposed exit that I announced earlier, it means that they're more interested in playing this game than I assumed.
"Two accounted for. Two to go, three minutes until jamming is lifted," I say to myself. "A sorry sight. He's turned right to ash...just how much explosive was he fitted with?" I stomp out some of the flames and spot a metal tag lying on the ground. It's still a bit hot, so I smother it in some dirt to cool it down before placing it into my pouch. It will help with identification later. Now the next phase is figuring out who exactly is in the wrong place, as I'm not familiar with all of the people who are supposed to be patrolling. But I do have a good idea of where they should be at this point in time. Nobody has come to investigate the explosion, so I run through the trees and towards the first person I think is out of place.
"Oi. What are you doing out here?" I say as I approach.
"C-Captain Kobayashi, ma'am!" The young woman bows apologetically, her short brown hair shaking with her movements. "Sorry, I was just following the orders given out earlier! I was heading to my perimeter position, and...p-please don't kill me, I swear I'm not a traitor..."
"Oh, knock it off. If you were a traitor you wouldn't piss yourself so openly," I say with a bored expression. "Now...you were telling me why you ended up all the way out here, about a kilometer from your initial guard position?" I had already accounted for this one, but there are things that I want to confirm. She doesn't need to know much of anything.
"I was investigating some suspicious findings, someone else mentioned it in a short range transmission earlier and I was technically closest, so...um, I did find something strange, but I can't move so I wouldn't be able to-"
"You can move."
"Eh? Really?"
"I'm the commanding officer here, so yes, really. Come on, we're on a timer. Show me where it was."
"Ma'am." She sprints from her position towards a nearby tree, and kneels to the ground to carefully clear away some grass. "Right here."
White powder, huh.
"Good work. You stay here, and when the jamming is lifted call for Captain Sarutobi as soon as you can. Got that?"
"Yes, ma'am. Thank you, ma'am."
Two minutes. Not much time left...I would consider it a personal failure if even one of those traitors got away. Someone is occupying the open space where the young chuunin from earlier was supposed to be, but I can't go out and kill on mere suspicion alone. Has to be something else. Has to be...ah, I know.
"Excuse me. I'm going to need a bit of help here," I say as I walk up to the tall man holding his position up ahead. He salutes and nods.
"Ma'am. What is it you need?"
"The radio jamming is going to be lifted in about a minute or so. There's an issue we're having right now. I want you to join the woman who's east of us right now and get her help to search the area...there's a strange substance on the ground and I would like to know how much of it there is, aside from what it is exactly. I'll get someone to cover this gap while you're gone, and Captain Sarutobi will be joining you in a while."
"Understood."
There's not nearly enough time to hunt down the last one, so I'll clean up this loose end first. I pretend to move away into the distance before fading into the darkness again, slowly stalking this target like I did the last. He's not wearing an explosive vest like the others, meaning those two must have served the purpose of bait or decoys as I assumed earlier. I can only assume the last one isn't wearing any rigged equipment either, which will make him much harder to capture. Not impossible, but merely troublesome in comparison.
"'Scuse me. Captain Kobayashi sent me over," he says to the young woman as he makes his presence known.
"Oh, I see. Thanks...the jamming should be gone in a few seconds. I gotta call Captain Asuma Sarutobi and have him come over here..."
"I see. Alright, I'll wait for you to finish."
"Thanks for that."
Jamming over in three...two...one, and...gone.
"Kurenai, come in."
"Read you loud and clear, Lili."
"Good. I assume there wasn't any trouble, or much to report on your end. Did you hear the explosion earlier?" I ask unsubtly.
"Yeah, I did. Nothing on my end, the guy I was tracking isn't with us anymore. Was that explosion you?"
"Yes."
"I figured. We need to regroup soon, then."
I crawl on the ground and get close enough to the pair that I've been watching. She gets on her radio to make the call that I requested. He moves, and I move faster. My lightning shroud appears around me as I jump up, and I rush towards him with a hard elbow before he can properly draw his weapon, sending him flying through the air.
"Finish calling him over!" I yell to the woman. She nods her head vigorously, tears falling from her eyes as she quickly messages Asuma again. The other shinobi gets up and holds his side briefly before weaving seals. Judging from the pattern...has to be an Earth technique to buy time and get away. No point in interrupting the jutsu, I'll let it activate and then deal with the aftermath quickly.
"Get clear," I call to my new charge. She jumps away just as the other man slams his hand to the ground.
"You're done! Can't run fast with no ground beneath you! Earth Release: Tearing Earth Turning Palm!"
The ground shifts and starts to break apart beneath me. Very hard to aim in these circumstances, and the attack threatens to destabilize a large enough area. Normally, these would be issues.
I shift myself into the third stage of my chakra mode and burst across to the other side, planting my foot in the enemy's chest and sending him rocketing backwards, into and almost through a tree. He falls from the trunk and to the ground, unconscious...alive, it seems. Almost lucky for him, if he survives. Or maybe not, considering that he's likely to be executed for his role in this.
"Captain Kobayashi, we've got reports coming in."
I shut off the chakra mode and sigh. "Tell me what's happening, Taneda."
"We've got one casualty in the northwest, but they've managed to capture one of the traitors. He apparently had a previous injury, must have gotten it when he attacked our guy earlier. Made him take some risks that a seasoned vet wouldn't otherwise with the enemy closing in. The team followed protocol and took him down after he struck first. Injured soldier should be okay after some treatment."
"Wonderful news. Send a few medics to section 3-4 just off the center line, won't you? I have one of the cowards here with some serious injuries, unconscious. Pull the extras from the perimeter in and we'll see what develops from there, but I think we have all of the traitors accounted for," I say. "Some parts of a drug trail were erased by a jutsu, but I think that was a dead end anyways. Tell Kawasaki to take it easy and we'll join him soon."
"Got it, relaying orders."
"Lili, it's me."
"Go ahead, Kurenai. We're all clear."
"Great. I can confirm after some discussion with my new friend here that there were indeed four people in on the plot, and all of them were present this morning. A few juicy details that we can talk about once we get back to base."
"Understood. Contact Taneda with your position, and we'll have some strong fellows sent over to help you transport our new friend back to base."
"Cleaned up here already, huh."
Asuma arrives, already smoking away as usual. He looks down at the unconscious traitor with the amount of disdain I would expect.
"Yes, it was only a minor hassle. Remarkable for such a mission, I only had to kill one person outright."
"That's definitely a miracle. Dad will like it."
"Well, if it makes him happy...that's a bonus worth fighting for, I suppose."
"Right," he says with a chuckle. "When you're done being bashful and all, we should start on the search for that cargo. By the way, what'd you have the rookie over there call me for?"
"There was a substance on the ground that seemed to be consistent with the medication allegedly onboard." I gesture to the now uneven ground ahead of us. "Of course, we've now run into some technical difficulties where that's concerned."
"Yeah. Think one of them took a free sample?"
"It might not be out of place-"
"Sarutobi, you there?"
"Yeah, I'm here. What is it, Gramps?"
"I found the cargo and a couple other things. Might want to head over to my position," Kawasaki says over the radio.
"I know where he is," I say. "Follow me. If you could stand guard here, my darling. If he wakes up and makes any sudden movements, engage with lethal force. Understood?"
"Ma'am. Understood." She sniffles and composes herself as well as she can. Asuma and I acknowledge her before taking off through the forest, due north and to the area where he and Kawasaki were searching earlier. We find the older man standing in a small clearing that looks relatively undisturbed.
But there's a heavy smell of blood.
"The driver," I mumble. "I was hoping it wouldn't come to that..."
"Pretty quick and careful operation. Raised a big enough section of earth, carved it out, put the cargo in there, lowered it and that was all she wrote. Poor bastard from earlier is probably buried somewhere nearby," Kawasaki says.
"Here," I say as I walk over a few feet to a smoothed-over patch of earth. It's hard to see in the dark, but I can definitely smell the blood seeping out from the body. I carve out an approximate area where the body has been buried and Kawasaki carefully lifts up the outlined section of earth.
"Ah, shit," Asuma says as he turns away.
"..." There is no body to speak of. It's been butchered into pieces.
"Ruthless fucks. This isn't anything shinobi are supposed to be doing. Savages, all of them. Fucking hell," Kawasaki growls.
"Probably...to add another degree of deniability," I say as I gently take the body parts out of the dirt and lay them on the ground. They're in large chunks, so it was very obviously a rushed job. "Bandit, serial killer...something to put distance between themselves or any organized crime families once this was investigated. Too precise and there would be suspicion laid at the feet of shinobi. Too ruthless and the yakuza would end up bothered by authorities. This was a happy medium of sorts."
"..."
"It truly is savage, though. There was no beauty or dignity in it. No thought given to any of these actions. An operation like this was nothing but sloth and greed rolled together into some grotesque form. Killing people who didn't need to be killed and hurting those who never needed to be hurt. All for what? The country...the government. Maybe not even that...for a man who claims authority, and thinks he knows what's best for everyone." I activate my radio. "Taneda, come in."
"Read you loud and clear. Anything come up?"
"A few things. Please put out a call for Earth Release users to come to Kawasaki's last transmitted position. Three of us are here. Also...send another person from the medic corps if you can spare them. There's a corpse that needs to be handled."
"It's the driver, isn't it..."
"They've hacked him into pieces."
"Sick fucks."
"I know. Please do all of that for me. Has Kurenai arrived yet?"
"Captain Yuuhi is here and we've got a hold of the traitor that she captured earlier. He's in the tank right now. The other one's getting treated in the medical bay. We're about to send a bird out to the village proper with details on the mission. Gonna send those Earth users your way in a hurry."
"Thank you."
I lower my wrist and let it drop down to my side. I feel so tired for some reason. Maybe it's this sadness that has come over me all of a sudden. As much as I enjoy killing and the hunt, I realize there is a limit somewhere. There are some things that are just...wrong, no matter how we try to justify them in our minds. And sometimes I wonder if I am right to say something like that. But the truth is that I am right. I have an upbringing, a moral code that tells me what is right and what is wrong. Maybe not for the world at large, but for me at the least. And I live guided by all of that. To kill someone who never had a choice in all of this...what sense could it ever make? Why do this? Lives are worth something. I keep that in mind all the time, even as I take them one by one, even as I swallow the essence of my prey and immerse myself in that glorious sensation, that pure glow that can only come from a most satisfying rending of flesh. This...is so very far removed from all of that. That's why it feels so disgusting.
"Hitting you hard, huh."
"Not just unfair...despicable. Maybe even that is an understatement," I say to Asuma.
"I figured you would feel that way about it. The types of people who do these sorts of things...something else entirely. The way they think, the way they act. Following orders and all of that garbage."
"Little more than machines. Some would say that dignifies them too much."
"Are you in that number?" he asks as he lights up another cigarette.
"I would say so."
"That's good to know. If I thought you were one of...these types, I wouldn't ask in the first place. You know how it is."
"I do. I understand that there are certain...unsavory aspects of my character that most don't like to touch on too much. There's no reason I should take offence to that."
"You're sure?"
"Very sure. It's something you learn to deal with, difficult as it might be."
"Ah." He puffs out a cloud of smoke. "I never know what to say to you around this time. Telling you that you sound a couple decades older than you should doesn't have the same bite as it used to."
"Very true. But the sentiment is accepted, same as always. I have always lived a mysterious sort of life, Asuma. That isn't likely to change any time soon...I like it this way. For all of the depressing things that have come down this path, there have been untold blessings as well. Perhaps this time in the darkness will...yield something of importance. That will bring us closer to the future that we've envisioned."
Our philosophizing is interrupted by the arrival of the backup forces. The body parts are photographed, carefully arranged, and placed into a modified body bag for transport. The hidden wagon with cargo is carefully raised from the earth with Kawasaki's instruction and the efforts of four other chuunin.
"Carefully, now. We don't want anything to go off in there."
"..." I sniff at the air once and notice the smell. It's like garlic. "Oi, ossan. That familiar to you?"
"Damn right it is...send the thing back down, you guys. Cut a hole open in the top right down to the roof, then get back a good distance," Kawasaki says. He looks to me with some worry. "Sure you can handle it on your own?"
"I'm good at running fast. Nothing to fear."
"Alright. See you in a bit."
I nod and position myself over the hole while making seals. "Okay. Water Release: Exploding Water Colliding Wave!"
I slowly tilt my head back before throwing it forward, spitting out as much water as I can at once. The cavern that the cargo rests in is quickly filled and then overfilled, water gushing out from the opening before I stop. Small tremors indicate that the chain reaction of other explosives is happening, and that the drugs have likely been dispersed as a result...whatever the case, that water is quite contaminated with different substances by now.
"I suppose the Hokage will have to send an additional cleanup team for this. Unfortunate, but far from the worst case scenario, considering everything," I say to myself.
"Clear yet?" Asuma calls out.
"Clear," I reply. "Apologies for the excitement. We should be fine."
"Looks like it, at least. Alright, let's get back to base already. I'm honestly pretty bushed..."
"Imagine how I feel," Kawasaki complains. "Way too old for this crap. That's why I asked for a post out here in the first place, you know?"
"I hear ya."
"Yes, let's return to the outpost and file our reports properly," I say. "Much to do, and yet so little time to do it."
The group double checks everything and cordons off the area properly. Then we finally leave to start wrapping up the mission in earnest.


Chapter 78
Scarlet Justice - ep. 78"Grazed Pastures"[Fire Country Night Session: Conclusion]
It's currently 5 am.
I would welcome sleep at this point, but still feel more than energized enough to take on the current set of challenges. The immediate threat of the exploding cargo has been neutralized, and a special cleanup team will be sent out some time after dawn to do a full investigation among other necessary things. The three captured have been interrogated to the best of our current ability; we have neither the resources or personnel to match that of the Intelligence Division, but Kurenai has been made jounin for many reasons. Her skill and precision with genjutsu is close to unrivalled in the village, only truly matched by certain masters and doujutsu users. Considering those advantages are usually a circumstance of birth, she's done quite well for herself in this world of ours.
"The old man's trying to catch his breath, so I had to make the coffee this time. Hope it doesn't go down too rough," Taneda says with a chuckle. He hands Kurenai and I two paper cups that we take gratefully.
"It should be fine. Thank you, dear. If you would like, you can wind down for the morning yourself," I say to him.
"I might just do that. You're sure you don't want the messages sent off ahead of you?"
"No, I have a few loose ends I need to tie up. I don't want any visible contradictions on the reports. Please don't worry yourself about anything from here on, Taneda. Take a break, you've more than earned it."
"Yes'm. See you later, and thanks for everything. You as well, Captain Yuuhi."
"I appreciate that. Have a good morning," Kurenai says. He smiles and bows for us before leaving, sealing the small room once more. I take a sip of coffee and nod. He underestimates himself too much, that boy.
"I would take him home if I could. Such a sweetheart," I say with my own smile. "Very reliable, too."
"Yeah. We got a whole lot done with him running the command centre for us. That kind of control over situations like this isn't all that common."
"We'll make sure he gets special recognition for his work. And our old friend too, of course. It's a good thing he was here, or else I might have gotten myself into some trouble at the end dealing with that cargo. White phosphorus...such a thing hidden inside of a normal transport gives me pause."
"Definitely risky. And not very smart most of the time."
"What did you get from your interviews?" I ask.
"Not much, but that's unsurprising. Plan was pretty straightforward. Rush in, hijack the wagon, get away with the goods. The guy out of the loop got a good lick on one of them, and then things sort of got out of control. The driver was initially cooperating, according to what I could pick up, but then changed his mind and was about to send up a signal flare."
"That would do it," I mutter.
"They offed him right there. Not part of the plan, so they tried to cover it up by hacking up the body and making it look like some really ruthless outlaws. I can only guess they were going to have the parts scattered around the forest, but felt pressed for time and ended up burying him in the spot you guys found him earlier. Did their little excavation, hid the goods, and planned to come back later for them after evading the patrols."
"And of course, we can't trace the orders back to you know who."
"Either they don't know who their benefactor is, or they've got some sort of mental block that is keeping them from speaking. There was something interesting, too. They've got seals on them."
"Seals?"
"On the backs of their tongues. Here," Kurenai slides a picture across the table and I look at it. A distinct set of bars going across the tongue...it definitely looks like a seal, yes. But for what?
"Have they activated?"
"No. Or if they have, there aren't any visible effects."
"That sort of positioning is meant to send a message. Putting a seal inside of someone's mouth...must have to do with talking, or silence perhaps. It's not something you can easily activate on your own, so I assume there's some sort of trigger. A word, a gesture...I wouldn't know," I say. "What do you think?"
"I was thinking about the same as you. Could be Danzo's work."
"Maybe to kill traitors to his cause or protect secrets."
"Could be. Either way, those shinobi are doped up right now. Helped with getting into their heads and figuring things out, and they won't be doing much of anything, like trying to commit suicide or stuff like that. I didn't ask anything directly about Lord Shimura, and I doubt they'd answer if I did."
"Wise move."
We sip at our coffee in silence for a while. I think on what I want to do...rather, how I want to do certain things.
"What's on your mind?" Kurenai asks.
"I feel personally slighted by the actions of these so called shinobi. Part of the reason that I had Taneda delay the report to the village is that I want to make a decision before we leave here. But there are other reasons, more important ones."
"You're going to kill them here."
"Calling it a killing makes it sound unsavoury. Execution for treason works better. Far more official sounding."
"Logically, it makes sense. All sorts of security issues to contend with, like information leaks. And if we bring them back to the village, it'll take some time for a trial to happen. Anything can happen in that period. Files might be lost, people might vanish...we don't want things like that to happen if we can help it."
"Members of the ANBU have a way of slipping through small spaces. It can be as troublesome as it is useful when they're on our side," I say.
"When you do go through with it...what's the next step?"
"Destruction of the bodies and any items carried. As far as most will know, they will have disappeared into the shadows, never to return. That should be their fate, I think. And though they truly deserve to be terrorized before they leave this world, I will leave it as business. As it should be."
"Yeah."
"I'm going to take care of it now. We'll be leaving in a few hours...maybe taking the time to organize your reports will help a little bit."
"Right. I'll see you in a while, then."
I finish my coffee and get up, leaving the room. My feet take me to the outpost's medical wing, and I come up on one of the traitor's rooms. I enter and stand beside the medic shinobi as she makes notes and checks her watch.
"Sorry to interrupt."
"Not a problem. Captain Kobayashi, right? Thanks a lot for your help today."
"It was nothing. Anything to help my comrades in the Leaf." This one...yes, I remember clearly. He tried to bury me and I broke his ribs in response. "How is he doing?"
"Decent, considering. Ribs are shattered and a few pieces are jammed in his lungs. Might have to go in with a surgery before we transport him to the Leaf."
"That won't be a worry for much longer. If you could leave this room and return in about an hour's time...I would appreciate that greatly."
"..." She looks at her watch again and nods slowly. "Got it. Let me take down the equipment first."
"Yes." I watch as she shuts off the monitoring equipment, unhooks the intravenous tubing, and lastly, shuts off the extra oxygen before wheeling it into a corner of the room. The dazed patient opens his eyes and has trouble focusing as I walk to his side.
"Will there be more?" the medic asks from the other side of the room.
"The other two will be joining him. Check with Captain Yuuhi, she might want another go at them before I get there."
"Understood."
The door opens and closes, leaving me alone with the traitor as he struggles to breathe. I place my hand over his heart and he weakly grips it, eyes dim as he tries to recognize me. I don't need an entire hour to deal with him, but it will help with making this look more...authentic, for lack of a better term. People will look the other way, yes, but there are sticklers for ethics who will want to know what exactly happened. They might even be connected to Danzo or his friends.
"It's an ending too good for you. But efficiency in this case takes priority over feelings. Therefore...you will only feel a slight bit of distress in these moments. Farewell. May the heavens hear your petition for mercy."
I stare into his widening eyes as sparks start to jump from my hand.
And in a moment, as quietly as it could happen...the first deed is done.
"That should be all. Guess you're heading back to get some sleep. Hopefully, anyways."
"We can hope, yes. Take care of yourself. Hopefully there won't be any excitement around here for a while yet," I say to Kawasaki.
The five of us exchange bows just outside of the outpost, where our operation began a few hours before. It's 7 am by now. Reports have been written, loose ends tied up, and traitors executed. The end for those three would be cremation, their ashes disposed of in some distant corner of the forest and families notified if there were any to consider. I have their tags on me, and Kurenai is carrying the headbands. Presumably they will be melted down and made into something of value later.
"Really great job on your part, Captain. Like I said, we couldn't have done without you. No offence to you guys," Taneda says.
"Hey, you're not lying. Would have been way harder without Lili here. She's one of a kind," Asuma says.
"Hopefully it stays that way. Having the Scarlet Viper around to put the fear of God into those guys across the way...helps a lot more than most realize, honestly. At least I'm not spending all my time waiting for retirement," Kawasaki says. "Not like I used to. We're entering some exciting times."
"Long as we're not on the field doing work," Taneda adds in.
"Exactly."
"You guys are probably tired, too. We'll leave you to finish up your work and maybe get sleep in for yourselves. You deserve it just as much as we do," Kurenai says. "Stay out of trouble."
"Yes, please take care from here on. I would like it if we could cross paths again one day soon," I say.
"I'll still be around for your inauguration, so maybe then," Kawasaki says with a smile.
"Inauguration, huh. You sound confident about that."
"Should I worry about it?"
"I wouldn't know."
"She gets a little timid when it comes to that subject, just so you know," Asuma says.
"Ah, I see. Then I'll root for you quietly from now on."
"Appreciated," I say flatly. "You may well get your wish, but don't raise your hopes too high. Until the next, friends."
"See ya," Asuma says.
"Thanks for your help," Kurenai says. Our hosts bow for us once more before we leave, taking off through the forest and towards home once more. Sleep will be quite welcome...we just have to hand off a few documents first.
"You always clam up when people talk about that sort of thing," Kurenai says to me.
"It's not something I like talking about too much. You're aware of why that might be the case."
"It's actually kind of cute."
I glare at Asuma briefly before returning my attention to the forest path.
"Hey, no bullying," Kurenai says.
"What? Come on, you can't blame me for poking the bear once in a while. Seeing the almighty Captain Kobayashi get shy and self-conscious is a rare thing, especially after a mission."
"It's fine," I assure Kurenai. "He doesn't mean anything by it. And I'm able to take a bit of needling, considering how much trouble I give people myself."
"You see?"
"Yeah, I guess. But seriously, you would make a great Hokage one day soon, and you're aware of your limitations and all of that."
"I simply don't believe I'm there yet. That I have...what it takes to govern an entire village like that."
"Hm. Well, hopefully you change your mind in the future...I'll leave it alone, then. You too, Asuma."
"Yeah, yeah..."
I think about it often enough. It's just that...I always feel like I'm missing a piece. Something that would make the idea more comfortable to me. I don't know exactly what it is, or if it will reach me in a timely fashion. Hopefully by that time there's someone in the position before me. It doesn't feel right for some reason, as much as I try to entertain the idea. That's why these endorsements make me feel uncomfortable. Besides...someone like me, Hokage? Would anyone actually accept that outside of formalities? I don't have that problem now...
It's confusing. I really will stop thinking about it for the time being.
Asuma and Kurenai talk quietly as we move through the forest, and I pay them no mind. About an hour and a half passes before we cross back into the Leaf, streets already filled with people on what would be a typical morning to most. We salute the guards and head towards the Hokage's Office, getting our debriefing from the man himself. He looks well-rested as we gather in the small room from before and sit in the provided chairs.
"Are you all well?" he asks.
"Yes."
"Yeah."
"Yes, sir."
"Good, good. I received word that the mission was completed, but that details would be arriving with you physically."
"We decided to tie up certain loose ends. First Lieutenant Ringo Kawasaki and Second Lieutenant Sanjou Taneda assisted us greatly in our operations, providing tactical and field support that became invaluable as we progressed." I take out the scroll with the mission information and hand it to the old man, who eagerly opens it and starts to read. "Kawasaki was especially diligent, as he identified a dangerous component of the cargo that would have caused a multitude of problems on its own. Taneda also performed brilliantly in his role as radio dispatcher, helping to coordinate our forces and report on any and all abnormalities."
"Mm. I see...white phosphorus? Something like that..."
"Yes. We neutralized that threat, and the others that came with it. Two casualties were reported, one before we arrived, and one in the course of the mission. As for the traitors, all four of them have been taken care of. I concluded that none of the survivors could be allowed to return to the village, whether it was for trial or immediate sentencing and execution. The risks were ultimately too great, especially with the magnitude of the crimes involved."
"Hm. So...illicit drugs and banned materials. Certainly serious on their own. And the murder of that civilian. Did you make an assessment on who might have been behind this?" he asks.
"Based on the evidence collected, we suspect that this attack was ordered by Lord Shimura and his elements. There is nothing to physically tie him to it, of course, and our comrades are not aware of any guesswork we have made on that end."
"I was thinking the same thing...though I didn't want to believe it at first. Brazen, even for him." Hiruzen sighs. "I will make sure that First Lieutenant Kawasaki and Second Lieutenant Taneda are recognized for their exemplary work, as well as the other members of the platoon sent out. More than a few things need to be taken care of, but that marks the end of this mission. Thank you for your efficiency in this matter, all of you. I've already sent messages out to your teams that you were out on business and will be off for the next day or two. There's administrative work I need to do on your behalf before your return to the field, and it will serve as an opportunity to rest properly. Sudden night missions can take a toll on the body."
"Thank you, sir," we say in unison.
"Of course. Thank you again for your hard work."
"This final scroll has pieces of evidence collected and certain personal effects," I say as I hand off a smaller scroll wrapped in black. Hiruzen nods and takes it from me, putting it into his robes a moment later.
"So noted. The three of you are dismissed. Rest well, and I will see you soon."
We stand and bow towards the Hokage before leaving the room.
"I'm gonna go get a good workout in before hitting the hay. See you girls later, yeah?" Asuma says as we make it outside.
"Yeah. I'll call you when I'm awake again," Kurenai says to him.
"I'll hear from you, then."
"What about you? Anything doing?" she asks as Asuma leaves.
"Nothing. Luna is likely waiting for me to come home before she does anything else. She's stubborn like that sometimes. I'm going to head home and rest. You might not hear from me for a while."
"Alright. Take care of yourself, Lili."
"You too."
We share a hug before going our separate ways. I make it home and open the door to the smell of bacon.
"Welcome back, Miss Lili." Luna is dressed and already hard at work.
"Thank you, Luna. Did you rest well?"
"I did. You would scold me if I waited up all night for you."
"I would, yes. It's good that I don't have to."
"Breakfast is ready. I'm sure you're hungry, so let's have you eat before bed. I won't be around to make too much noise today, there are a few errands to run around the village."
"Unfortunately, I can't tell you much of anything about the mission."
"That's fine. Something so sudden must be secretive in nature, for many reasons." She sets down a plate in front of me. "I can live comfortably knowing that you're safe and sound. Well, if a little dirty."
"A glamorous life, surely."
It turns out I was hungrier than I realized. I go through three full plates before stopping, drinking some hot tea to wash everything down. Luna takes away my plates as I shed my clothing and take a hot shower, then lazily flop onto my bed in my bathrobe. The phone rings just as I start to close my eyes.
"..."
I think about leaving it, but the people who have my contact information are people that I actually care about. It's likely to be important.
"Lilith Kobayashi speaking."
"Lili? I'm sorry, were you asleep already?"
"Not yet, Hina. It's fine, I just had my shower..."
"I heard you were on a night mission, and just wanted to check in. I'll be brief...Hanabi wanted me to call you because of the letter sent a few days ago. The person who sent it is growing...impatient, to say the least. According to her, anyways."
"Like I give a fuck."
Hina sighs on the other end. "That's what I said you would say, but...well, I'm just delivering the message. I suspect you haven't opened the letter yet."
"No. I'll do it when I wake up, just to get whoever it is to stop bothering you and Hanabi. Was there anything else?"
"Nothing. I'm glad you're safe, Lili."
"Thank you. I'll see you soon, Hina. Take care."
"Yes. You too, Lili. Good morning."
"Good morning."
I hang up and roll onto my side. Whatever Hyuuga wants can wait until I'm good and ready. For now, I just really want to stop thinking for a while and sleep.


Chapter 79
Scarlet Justice - ep. 79"Potted Plants"
I've managed to get in one extra day of rest. Apart from that, I have yet to be returned to regular duty, so I will use the extra time to take care of the errand I have been putting off. A good pair of jeans and a frilly blouse should do for my meeting. Not that I care what they think of my clothing, but I have some semblance of reputation that I need to maintain while working for the village...so it means I can't be too provocative, unfortunately.
I satisfy myself with some hot tea, one of the meal replacement drinks in the back of the refrigerator, and a delicious glass of fortified milk. A decadent breakfast or lunch can be enjoyed later on. I check everything since Luna is out for a while today, and lock the door behind me as I leave. The walk isn't terribly long, so I have my wooden sandals on today. They're as comfortable as always.
The letter is in my back pocket, and I suppose that I might as well read it before I get to my destination. I carefully break the seal and look at the heavy paper that's inside.
"Requesting your presence...things of sensitive nature. Insist that you make arrangements for a meeting. Importance...unpleasant actions might be taken if proper care is not..."
I fold the letter up again and put it back into the envelope.
"Definitely some ignorant bitch with an axe to grind. I'll see to it that she has a decidedly unpleasant morning," I say to myself. "You picked the wrong one, sweetheart."
I arrive at the Hyuuga residence, looking the same as always, with the same two guards posted outside of the main gate. But there's another person there today...my escort, I presume.
"Senpai. A pleasant morning to you," Neji says as he bows politely.
"Far from it where I'm concerned," I say. "Hopefully yours is going much better."
"Thank you. I apologize for any inconvenience this has caused you, senpai."
"It's not your fault, so don't worry about it. Come on, let's get this over with."
"Of course." I'm led in without any fanfare, through the halls of the Hyuuga estate as it stands with its polished wooden floors, expensive relics, and rare fabrics decorating the place. From one part of the interior, through the yard past curious onlookers, and then back into a winding section indoors again. Neji eventually slides open the door to a spacious room, which has strategically placed furniture and other items that could pay for several salaries alone. Light filters through the windows with their silky curtains, properly illuminating the table with hot tea already set upon it. The steam slowly rises into the air ahead of our hosts.
"Our honoured guest has arrived," Neji says.
Hanabi and Hina get up from their positions on the floor, while the remaining person sits with their back turned. I feel a twinge of irritation but keep it hidden.
"Thank you, Brother Neji. You can leave us for now," Hina says gently.
"Yes, thank you." He bows before leaving the room, sliding the door closed.
"Will there be anything that you think you need, Lady Kobayashi?" Hanabi asks respectfully.
"Nothing as of this moment, Lady Hanabi."
"Understood. The person who has made this request of you wishes to speak with you alone. Is this acceptable?"
"It is."
"Then we will leave you to your introductions. Until the next."
"Until the next, ladies. Thank you for your assistance."
We exchange bows before the two sisters leave, Hina trailing behind Hanabi. As the door slides closed again, I get to my knees in front of the small table and wait.
"You do have a bit of nerve, don't you? Responses to members of the Hyuuga Main House should be expeditious and direct. Using our Lady Hanabi to play a telephone game is the height of arrogance."
"So it is. But what's more arrogant is you sending me an ultimatum and then deciding not to show your face. I do not understand why you would jeopardize your own safety by choosing to sit alone in a room with me. Hina and Hanabi aren't going to save you. We're all aware of that fact."
"I see. You really are as vicious as I heard."
"You didn't need to send me a fancy letter to confirm that."
The young woman stands and turns to face me at last. She has that slender, waifish sort of body that most Hyuuga girls share, wrapped lovingly in a set of crisp white robes. Her eyes are the same pure white, though I do see an impishness there that I wouldn't have expected. And her black hair is wrapped up in a neat bun on the left side of her head.
"To finally meet you in the flesh is an honour...and a sight that makes my heart race, if I must be honest." She smiles and gets to her knees before serving the tea. One cup that she slides to me, and the other that she pours for herself afterwards.
"What is it, then? You have a crush on me?"
"I must have made it too obvious," she says with a sigh.
"You've done well to sour my mood. If you wanted to flirt, you could have mentioned that in your stupid little letter. Much easier for both of us, since you do look quite beautiful."
"Thank you. I really appreciate it. My name is Nami Hyuuga, a member of the Hyuuga Main Family as you might have guessed from our earlier exchange. I was the one who made the request of Lady Hanabi, to send you that letter asking for a meeting. There was a bit of intentional provocation in there, as you can see, but I expected a much faster response from you with all of that taken into consideration. You're very bold, Lady Kobayashi."
"We can't be too formal now, can we."
"Oh, but to call you by name...that might be too much for my heart to take," Nami says with a small laugh. "I suppose in private...it's a very sweet taste that I shouldn't get too addicted to."
"Aren't we dramatic..."
"We are, yes. Sometimes I can't help myself. But aside from my obvious admiration of you, I did have things that I wanted to discuss, Lady Lilith."
I take a sip of tea and nod. "Then we can begin when you're ready."
"Yes. Lady Hanabi noted that you were...aware of certain activities involving you. Part of my reason for reaching out to you is that I also serve as the representative for that group of ladies within the Hyuuga Clan. Our feelings for you are...complicated. Mine especially, being the strongest out of those. While we remain conscious of our function within the clan as young women, we admire you and want to support you in any way that we can. So this is the first step, hopefully leading towards many others."
"So there's an association dedicated to me within your clan, is that it?"
"Concisely, yes."
"Mm. Hanabi did mention as much the other day. Helping me, what does that mean? You are aware of my contempt for you lot, yes?"
"We...especially me...want to believe that it's a gap that can be closed with cooperation and servitude. Furthering your goals within this society could help with that. I do not come to you with hat in hand and dreams lining my pockets, Lady Lilith. More than just feelings, we have the tools and connections necessary to make changes of the sort that would allow women like you to live comfortably, perhaps even openly in this world of ours. That is, if you would like that outcome."
"Was this a unilateral decision?" I ask.
"It was something discussed over several weeks as a group. We have weekly meetings, sometimes daily as the need arises. There is usually lively debate over...um, many pertinent subjects, let's just say. So much so that we will be starting bi-weekly meetings next month."
It still doesn't feel real to me. Even as it's definitely happening, right now. Nami is sitting in front of me, taking me as seriously as she possibly can while resisting the urge to vibrate with excitement. I have to wonder if this is some esoteric fan club that fancies me because I'm a rebel. But straight women go through the same thing, I think. Is this a more natural occurrence than I realized, or am I still in denial? It might be the latter. I can't say for sure. This sounds like a good opportunity, an almost perfect opportunity to exploit a bunch of uppity, spoiled Hyuuga brats for all they're worth. If they want to please me, their personal idol, they're probably willing to do a lot of unsavoury things.
"..."
Morals are one thing to consider, but that's not the bulk of what's holding me back. There is something...pure in the way that Nami speaks. The way that she approaches me. That visible spark that tells me she's the furthest thing from a drone sent out to make me happy. As the leader of this secret cabal within Hyuuga, trusted enough to meet with me and deliver that heartfelt request, I imagine that the other girls feel very much the same way as she does. I grumble and complain at Hyuuga, I give them no respect and pay them no reverence. Because of what they allowed to happen to Hina, and because of general arrogance that has hurt many others like Neji. But there's nothing wrong with acknowledging people who want to give you support, as long as the reasons are good enough.
"It would shame me if I turned down the request of someone so beautiful and poised. You are a rare flower, Nami."
"Oh. T-thank you, ma'am." She tilts her head downwards, blushing brightly. "To say that..."
"It's hardly a radical compliment, you know."
"Coming from someone as radiant as you, I would say otherwise. Thank you for accepting me, for accepting all of us. My heart is overflowing with joy right now," she says with a smile. "Whatever you need done, please call on me."
"There are things that I want...but it would be a disservice to you to hand out orders so soon. These items should be fully formed before I send you out to make them reality. Therefore, I would advise you to keep to what you're doing for now, and strengthen your social connections within the village."
"Yes, of course."
"In the meantime, start deciding on an official name to present yourselves with. After that, you may at some point form contracts with other supporters outside of the fold. There are trusted associates that I would like to have primed for your future forays into village business."
"Shino Aburame, you mean?"
"Among others, yes."
"I see. We will have no problems waiting for further instruction from you, Lady Lilith."
"Haughty as you seemed to be, you've pleased me with your competence. Call me by name, won't you?"
"Yes, of course. Thank you, Lili."
"You're very welcome. Now, as punishment for that little bit of antagonism earlier...you're going to answer some questions for me. Truthfully, of course."
"I wouldn't consider doing anything less. Before that...I would like to say something."
"Go ahead."
"Lady Hinata and I grew up together, somewhat. My parents are part of those in the clan's inner circle. There was a constant struggle within myself, whenever I saw her. She was always so nice to be around, but she was also weak. She shamed the clan, which valued strength and competence above all else. So when she started to stumble, as much as I wanted to help, to do something, I was always kept away. By the elders, by my friends, by my immediate family. And eventually I...also became poisoned by the clan's mentality."
"I see."
"I don't expect to be forgiven for what I've done, for what I've helped perpetuate along with most everyone else. But when you arrived in the village, I saw Lady Hinata start to change. I saw her growing more confident, taking those small steps until one day, she returned to the clan as someone completely different from those years before. I personally started to observe you as you went about your days in the village, through various sources. I wanted to see what the person who had changed Lady Hinata so much was like. And in the process I ended up falling in love with you. The fact that you were so confident and assertive simply made me love you more and more. You're not only a blessing to us, you're quite exciting. You add so much colour and tone to the world, all this while being born in the same class as us. Such a difference, such a beautiful contrast..."
Nami pauses and refills our teacups. I take a sip from mine and wait for her to continue.
"I have failed Lady Hinata and Lady Hanabi in the past. But I don't want to be helpless any longer. I don't want to stand by and do nothing as I have for all of these years. That's why I want to devote myself to you, and to help make up for the things that we as elites have done to this village, to this world."
"Instead of crying for forgiveness," I say.
"Yes."
"Then you will have my guidance whenever you need it, Nami."
"Thank you again, Lili. Now, you...wanted to hear the details of our social club, I suppose. Um, there are some educational things here and there, but mostly we girls are...well, we have long discussions about different aspects that we enjoy. Some of us are more abstract, while others are fairly direct about their inclinations."
I clear my throat conspicuously and Nami blushes. She was warned that she would be tortured just a little for her word choices in that letter.
"There are certain members that, um...have a very strong interest in your physical features. And have noticed t-that there have been increases..."
We wrap up a few hours later, and things go much better for the morning than I could have imagined. Nami and I exchange cards with our information, and she gives me a sunny smile before I surprise her with a hug. It won't work too well as a tease in the future, so this was well worth it - she's beside herself with excitement as I leave the room and head back into the main hall. Some wandering around leads me towards Neji again, who is standing quietly in the courtyard.
"Ah, senpai. Has the meeting concluded?" he asks without turning.
"Something like that."
"I didn't expect Lady Nami to meet with you. She's a bit stoic at times. Often called difficult by some of the older clan members because she's never easily amused," he says as we start to walk.
"She seems like that type of girl, yes. Very interesting, though. And very much my type, for many reasons."
"She is a rare beauty, even within Hyuuga. There are suitors lining up for her already."
"That sounds about right. The clan has its traditions, same as the other elites in this world. Ah, well. We could always start a secret relationship away from her future husband. He'd be none the wiser."
"That might cross a line in...unexpected ways, senpai."
"Danger is of little issue to me. I'm rich."
"Hm. The logic is sound, but...there's something off about it nonetheless."
"It's fine. Ladies, I've returned." Hina and Hanabi come out to meet us. "The meeting was productive, and I will see myself here in the future for more of the same."
"Ooh. Did you and Nami hit it off?" Hanabi asks.
"Very much so."
"It sort of makes sense, thinking about it...Nami does have a subtle disdain for men, especially those who court her," Hina says to herself. "Still, to come on so strongly and reveal the existence of her group..."
"You think that Lady Nami is of that persuasion?" Neji asks.
"I couldn't say for sure, Brother Neji. It might be curiosity, but I have a doubt it's just that at this point. I'm not worried about it at all, honestly. It just means that Lili is far more charismatic than any of us realized. Charming a member of Hyuuga like that, especially her."
"Did you know her well, Hina?" I ask.
"Not terribly well...her family became distant after I started falling out of favour with Father. I never got the sense that she hated me...it's the same as what happened with Naruto, thinking about it. People talk, they isolate others, and then the children pick up on that and act accordingly. It's unfortunate, but it's what happens in this world. But then, we can work to change that, day by day."
"I suspect she carries some guilt about those early years."
"It's possible. I hadn't thought about it too much, so...maybe talking to her one day soon, just to dispel that thought if it's there...that could help. I've always watched Nami. She's a strong person, and I admired her for that. Perhaps just telling her that much will heal her heart..."
Nami's words from earlier remind me just how far Hina has come since I've known her. She's become brave and strong like few others, and is blossoming in sight of everyone instead of shrinking away. I'm very much looking forward to the day where she'll grab hold of her confidence in full and face the village, as the strong and beautiful woman that I have always looked at from the start.
"Well. With my work done, I'm going to treat myself to a decadent western-style breakfast. Goodbye for now, my lovelies."
"Have a wonderful day, Lili."
"We'll see you later, sis."
We exchange kisses as always. Neji gives me a nod and I nod back before finding my way out of the clan residence, back onto the streets of the Leaf. There's a place down the road that sells fluffy pancakes and the most delectable syrup that's harvested in the north of Fire Country. My mouth is starting to water just thinking about it.
Midori has made some time for us today. Luna naturally will get the most of it, being her betrothed, but I'm more than happy with 'merely' a few hours spent with my favourite person in this world.
Luna made a delicious pudding that was supposed to be for dinner. We've decided to break into it now while she's resting from her earlier physical activity, as it's called around here sometimes. I needle Midori a bit for getting up to naughty things with Luna in public, we talk about the recent missions I've had, and she goes over some of the things that have been happening in her world.
"So you've been preparing for a future transition...to what exactly?" I ask as we sit at the kitchen table.
"It would be a...let's say more accountable system of governance. The main thing is that I won't have to watch over every single activity for the next thousand years or so, or give direct approval. I have thought about dissolving the government structure entirely, but that wouldn't work."
"I see."
"It's not like the human world," she says as she dips her spoon into the large bowl between us. "Your divine rights of kings and all of that, descendants of the heavenly host. So on, so forth. It's unreliable as far as you all know, but we can directly trace our origins back to the Sage of Six Paths, and identify our places in the world both then and now. While it would be very tempting to leave it to a bunch of other people and travel as I like, I can do that now without giving up complete control."
"That's viewed as an authoritarian stance, I think." I swallow a bit of pudding.
Midori shrugs. "And what of it? As I said before, humans won't understand what it means to rule in a kingdom like mine. All that being said, I can definitely loosen the economic controls and leave them to people better equipped to solve those sorts of problems. To that end I've allowed for a transition of economic power to the people themselves. We of the kingdom will provide the most necessary and basic items to the populace. Food, housing, utilities, and so on. It only makes sense that nobody should be homeless or starve in a place with so many resources. It's shameful, really. How worthless a ruler could you be to allow that to happen? People will live and die on their own terms, surely. But the vast majority of these problems are easily solved. In the meantime, the production of goods and services, and all of the other things included under this umbrella will be handled by the workers themselves. They will own their means of production and the product that they create, so to speak."
"It sounds complicated."
"It is, yes. I have been informed more than once that there might be a clash of sorts between having an absolute ruler and having the people in control of their own destinies. They might not want to listen to me anymore. They might possibly overthrow me."
"You don't seem too concerned."
Midori lazily pops the spoon into her mouth. "Did I make it too obvious? I don't need to lift a finger to erase anyone who thinks they can come for my head. Manda was one of the last who had the strength to make me even work up a sweat within the serpent world. All of the others are supremely disinterested in politics, the Sage especially. If she ever decided that she wanted the hassle of running a vast kingdom, I would happily pack up and stay with you and Luna here. This whole thing that I'm setting up is an experiment that I hope works smoothly. If not, we can always fall back to state-run things and the like."
"Mm." I think I'm starting to understand things a little bit better.
"It also helps that I'm cheating a little with companies like JPC, you know. We'll form a few more outfits like that and bring in revenue that we can hand out or store for later. Humans love exploiting others, so surely they won't mind taking it on the chin this time."
"You're right, that is cheating."
"Just trying out whatever works, my dear. I wanted to give this a shot because I thought it would make others happy, maybe even more productive as a result."
"And would result in less work for you."
"Is it not the dream of every ruler?"
"Maybe so. I really do hope it works out for you. It seems like a lot of work to get going, at least."
"It feels like it's worth it. So far, anyways. I still have to see what happens a few years down the road, but there are things that I've been trying to tackle right now. Getting my hands a little dirty like I used to when I was just a rebel. The usual things, you know. A few bribes, purges of the old loyalists, you know...all of that. So tempting just to tear it all down at once, you know? But that doesn't solve all of your problems. Sometimes it just makes new ones that you can't keep track of any longer. Have you ever seen a civil war? Nasty things, those."
"I can imagine. So you're not entirely sure of what you're doing, is that it?"
"Not entirely, no."
"Part of why I admire you so much is your willingness to admit those things and continue on your way," I say. "Sometimes effort and good will aren't enough, but this isn't one of those times."
"You're thinking that you might have to do something similar in the future, then. After being pushed into an unexpected direction by that Nami earlier today."
"Something like that."
"Time is linear, but our actions don't need to be."
I take in another spoonful of pudding and let that mysterious sentiment settle in my mind.
"You're still quite young, Lili. Don't fret too much."
"I'm trying, believe me. It's not exactly torturous being called a wonder child everywhere I go, but...there are always those things that I will need to confront at some point. I've buried them at quite a depth, it seems."
"Mm."
"You were telling me about the sorts of things that you wanted to get done within the kingdom. Something about...optical cables?"
"Fibre-optic, they're called," Midori says while dipping her spoon into the bowl again. "It was an intriguing sort of thing that Sana and Sanae explained to me the other day."


Chapter 80
cw: much better safe than sorry. there is some talk about torture and passive suicidal ideation at points in this chapter. other than that, just mellow stuff. thanks.
Scarlet Justice - ep. 80"Smoky Shards"
A few more days pass. I'm cleared for field missions again and take on some simple ones with my team, collecting a fair bit of money for a small bit of work. Luna is with Midori again, doing tours of the kingdom and attempting to guide the transitional teams safely through their tasks. Whatever it is, I hope they're successful. I'm not terribly interested in politics at this moment.
And so, with that in mind...I've gone to see my friend Fio once more. As part of this little project of ours, I've decided to take her shopping for a proper set of clothes. She doesn't have all that much money to spend on anything outside of the basics, and she's so stubborn that she keeps refusing my monetary gifts. Some light persuasion got her to agree to this outing.
"Good morning, my love."
"Good morning, Lili. It's nice to see you again." We share a hug before heading into the shopping district, where trendy people walk around in freshly bought clothes and jewellery, preening for onlookers and staging impromptu photo sessions. It's pedestrian and not worth paying attention to. What bothers me is something else entirely.
"Lili?"
"Mm? What is it, Fio?" I ask her.
"This...it's okay, right? You're not bothered?"
I sigh and try to ignore the bad attention people are giving us as we pass them. Fio is pale, and more than a bit thin still, but...she's not some abomination. It's difficult to not say something.
"This is perfectly fine, my darling. I don't mind at all."
"I understand. Then let's find something for us both while we're here. You know, I've never been inside of one of these places before."
"Is that so? Do they not have these sorts of structures in the Hidden Rock?"
"They do, it's just that between school and training and all of that, I never got a chance to explore much. I was a bit of a sheltered child, funnily enough. Guess that's what happens when people see you as talented and everything."
"I suppose so. There's a shop up ahead that I think you'll like. You can pick anything out that pleases you."
"For you as well?"
I laugh. "Surprise me, then."
"Mm...I will. Definitely." We get to the shop and Fio starts her stroll through it. Another set of odd looks that I immediately shut down with an intense look of my own. I know she can take care of herself, but I have little patience for this sort of discrimination.
This small store has a decent selection of casual wear, and I follow Fio while picking up a few things here and there. Mostly things for indoors, but that will be useful for the summer months when they do arrive. I'll gather up some of my clothing at home later before giving it away - surely someone can make use of my old clothing, without having to sell their souls in the process. I model some of my picks and Fio approves of all of them. I'm not sure if she's got the same impeccable taste as I do, or she's just distracted by my natural good looks. I don't mind either way, of course.
"I really do think black suits you. Very smooth and...mysterious, almost," she says as we stand in the changing room together.
"Interesting."
"I'm not quite sure how to describe it...maybe one day. I just know it's something I like."
"That's fine. I understand what you mean, Fio. Did you find something for yourself that you liked?"
"A few things. I just don't...want to change, as I am," she says quietly.
I nod with understanding. "Bring me what you have, and I'll be your model for today."
"You're sure?"
"More than sure. I'm positive. And determined to do this for you. Now, you will have to adjust your expectations accordingly, as I am a near perfect physical specimen, but you can get a decent preview of what those outfits will look on your body, when you get back up to speed. Right?"
"Right," she says with a giggle.
"Then we'll begin."
I temporarily put my hair up, trying to match the way Fio looks so she has a decent approximation of herself. Our frames, while not the same right now are close enough to make some rough estimations. I pose for her obediently and she has a diligent look on her face as she accepts and rejects outfits, has me try different combinations, and looks me over from different angles. It's quite interesting, this feeling...being observed so carefully and patiently by someone else. I can tell when her eyes linger on one place longer than they should, and she tries to play it off by brushing her hair back a little, or placing a hand on her cheek lightly. The slight raising of her brows when I appear in something she finds interesting. Things like that.
"It's all very nice...I think those will do," she says after a while.
"You're sure, now."
"I'm sure. Or...did you want me to stare at you for a few more hours?" She gives me a playful smile.
"I might. I rather enjoyed modelling for you today, you know. There's another shop we should head to...perhaps more for my pleasure than yours, but you'll enjoy it all the same."
"I can't wait."
"Splendid." I gather up the clothing we intend to buy, while Fio handles the discards. "Listen, Fio-"
"I noticed the moment we walked in, Lili. It's okay."
"That shouldn't be the case."
"I know. But it's fine. What matters is that you get to see the person that I'll become."
I frown. "You should calm down a little. Don't try to be a hero in all of this. Women have their pride, too."
"I understand that very well," she says as she looks back at me. "I don't enjoy being trampled on like that all the time, but there's nothing I can do right now. I'll endure, as I always have. But...I can carry on a lot better knowing that I'm not alone in this. Thank you for protecting me, Lili."
"..." What a brave girl.
"Shall we go?"
"We shall." The two of us head to the front desk, hand off our respective piles of clothing, and complete our transaction before leaving. Fio takes one bag from me, smiling brightly and skipping ahead to the next place that I've selected. I feel my heart filling up with joy, seeing her so happy today.
"So this is the next place, then? Pretty interesting..."
"Mm-hm." It's another high-end shop that sells many skirts and dresses, in all sorts of styles. A few kimonos are on display in the front window...the prices are a bit steep, even where I'm concerned. No thanks. Fio heads inside and I follow, going through the aisles and looking at the trendy little outfits they're promoting.
"Those dresses look kind of nice," Fio says as we browse. The staff seems less bothered by her appearance than the last store, which is good enough for me right now. "Though I remember you don't like them that much. Bad memories."
"Yes," I say. "Bad memories."
"Hm...what about on...your wedding day?"
"I can wear a skirt. I was never a traditionalist. Women can dress very cleanly in suits, too."
"They can, yes."
"Though if I were to try that...I would want to make sure that I filled out first. On the upper half, I mean."
"Really. That's interesting." Fio tilts her head a bit and thinks. "I think I understand the appeal, at least a little."
"There's a woman who works at the mansion that you should see. She pulls off the look incredibly well. It's delectable."
"Are you really going to travel around the world and find a wife, like you said earlier?"
"Yes."
"Would you...consider me? As a candidate?" Fio asks timidly.
"Really? You would want me to court you?" I ask. "If it's what you want..."
"It is, truly."
"Well, I'm already quite fond of you, so it's no trouble. You can go to the top of the list, since you asked so nicely."
"Are you just teasing me?"
"A little," I admit. "But I'm not pushing you away at all, you know. I think you would make a lovely wife."
"Thank you for that, Lili. Let's continue shopping."
"Of course." I wonder how...I got pulled into that conversation so easily. I meant what I said, I just don't know how I got to that conclusion. Or why I was trying to pull away so quickly. I did say I was looking for someone to marry, one day in the future. I did say that my options were open, and I've become attached to the girl that's with me now. Is it self-consciousness? Is it guilt of some kind?
"Lili? Come and look at this, won't you?"
"Yes." I bring myself out of that strange, sudden haze of thoughts and move towards Fio again. She's stopped in front of a certain display, which has a miniskirt paired with high socks.
"It's such a tempting combination," she says as I look over her shoulder. "I like all of the lines. The way the socks flow downwards, and then the little gap at the top where it meets the bottom of the skirt."
"Stockings are nice too," I say.
"Oh, they are. I can imagine them, too. Very flirty. Dangerous, almost." She looks at me. "Try that on for me?"
"Sure. I was looking to buy the socks, anyways. Let's get ourselves a pair off the rack."
We go to the changing room together and try on that combination. She nods with approval and takes her time observing again. It isn't invasive or anything, nor is it awkward. I feel quite comfortable, showing myself off to her. Not as a tease, but in this sort of natural state, where I can be genuinely admired and enjoy myself at the same time. Fio's gaze is gentle, but curious at the same time. Like she's committed to absorbing as much of me as she can for her memories. Maybe that's why she asked that question earlier.
How much should she worry, really?
"I was right. Very dangerous..."
Her voice brings me out of my thoughts again. She seems to be lost in some thoughts of her own.
"Maybe I took it for granted earlier. How attractive you are, Lili..."
"You're aggressive today, aren't you?" I say with a smile.
She blinks and rubs her cheek. "S-sorry. I don't mean to be like that today...it's probably more than a little weird. Um...the skirt is really nice. I'd like to have something like that."
"As we've discussed before, whatever you desire will be in your hands. Just ask."
"Thank you. Maybe a different pair of socks. I saw some that I liked earlier."
"I'll come find you in a bit, after I change out of this outfit."
"Right."
She leaves me alone again and I shed my clothing, searching for my pants in the meantime.
"..."
I thought it was just me this entire time, but maybe...there's something else there. Things just aren't clicking in for some reason. I start to think back to what Luna was feeling so long ago, when she seemed so helpless and lost when it came to dealing with her feelings for Midori. It's something like that, isn't it? It hasn't thrown me into a depression, but people are all different. I just feel...insecure, maybe? It's much like when people start talking about how I should be Hokage one day soon. I feel unworthy. It feels so similar.
Is that what's wrong with me? This constant feeling that I'm undeserving of honour and love? The thought that it has to be earned completely on my own? Complicated feelings...but I also want to honour my word, so I'll seriously consider...something with Fio in the future. Even if it just ends with us being friends.
"Are you alright, Lili?" she asks as I find her again.
"I'm fine. Just doing some thinking, that's all."
"Sorry if I made you uncomfortable today. With all the...staring, I guess. And the questions. I'm just really attached to you, is all. You've come up to see me so often, giving me attention, looking after my health...I'm sorry if I'm just pushing myself onto you."
"Even if it were the case - and it isn't, mind you - I wouldn't be upset with you, Fio. You've been through so much, and it was my decision to try and help you any way that I could. Don't think you're imposing, or that I'm wasting time on you. It's as I said before, if I take issue with anything, I will tell you straight away."
"Yeah. I just...worry."
"I appreciate that as well. Did you pick out what you wanted?"
"I went for some variety. Got some striped ones, and some plain ones, and a pair with lace at the top, see?"
"Very nice. You have a good enough eye for this sort of thing. Maybe I should bring you to Tanzaku Quarter and turn you loose in some of the shops there."
"That sounds nice. I've heard stories about that place," she says as we walk to the counter with our purchases. The cashier rings up our items quickly, folds them neatly, and puts them into fancy paper bags.
"Thanks for shopping with us, and take care."
"Thank you. Take care," I say. As we start to leave, something catches my eye.
"Lili? Seriously, are you okay?"
"There's nothing wrong this time, really. I just saw something that might work for you...come on, let's see if it actually holds up outside of an idea."
"What did you call this, again? Go...thick?"
"Gothic fashion. Well, sort of. I borrowed it from there, but the main idea is to make you look mysterious."
"Hmm..." Fio looks down at herself as we leave the store. An opened black sweater with a black shirt underneath, and black shorts supported by netted stockings and black boots. The final touch is the choker with silver studs around her neck.
"This way you're not getting so much attention just for looking out of place. You look very chic right now."
"You think so? I like it and stuff, but you know how my taste's out of order after all this time."
"Oh, hush. You look lovely."
"Where'd you get the idea?"
"I caught a glimpse of something on the shelf, and then I thought of Erika."
"Oh, you talked about her before! So this is the type of stuff she's into, then...neat."
"The contrast of the dark tones against your pale skin really work. For now, at least. I think that with a proper diet, we can have you looking bright and healthy again. You've already managed to hold onto the weight you gained from the last time, and you don't look nearly as pale as before. We're making progress," I say with a smile. "And obviously you don't need to be very pale to work with what you have on now, so it's a good future investment."
"You've gotta be from another planet..."
"What? What's brought this on?" I ask.
"You're seriously amazing, Lili. I mean, you know just what to do and say at the best times. It's so crazy, in a good way!"
"It's only-"
"And stop playing down the stuff you do, seriously!"
"It's honestly not that amazing. I'm just making good observations, that's all."
"So often? That's more than most people, and you know it." She sighs. "I want to do something for you, in return for all of this. Can I tell you a story?"
"A story? What kind?"
"About myself. Where I came from and how I got here."
"It must be difficult."
"It is. But it's something that I want to share with you."
We find ourselves sitting on a wooden bench after a few minutes. Fio puts her hands in her lap and gathers herself, taking deep breaths in and out. I wonder if it's too much, but she's determined to tell me her story. What I can do, at least, is catch her if she does end up stumbling.
Slowly, she raises her head and starts to speak.
She was born Fionne Mutou. A plump and feisty child. Her parents are Ayumu and Ayame Mutou, fifth generation residents of the Hidden Rock Village. Neither were shinobi and had jobs in public service - the family was as normal and average as they could be.
Ayumu, the father, was on the thin side and of average height. His black hair was always kept short and neat, first on account of his sensibilities, and then on account of his office management work. Ayame, the mother, was around the same height and just barely overweight, though she managed herself with daily exercise. It was there that Fionne would tag on and gain a love of physical activity. Ayame's hair was long, light brown, and straight. Much like her husband, she rarely did anything to stand out.
Every member of the family worked at their own pace. Fionne had an easy childhood, doing well in her studies and displaying her athletic ability often. She was bullied by some children for her plump figure, but kept busy with friends during her time at public school. It was by chance that she became a shinobi, after a dazzling athletics festival display that got the attention of a few higher ups in the village. They approached her with the opportunity, and seeing it as a new challenge, she eagerly discussed it with her parents. They eventually agreed and gave their consent for their daughter to transfer into the village's Shinobi Academy. Fionne continued to grow, studying as she always had and learning new types of techniques quickly. She earned the favour of her instructors and made new friends.
It was one particular day that a shocking discovery was made. Fionne possessed something called a 'bloodline limit', a strength passed down through families by blood and that blossomed most prominently in those who called themselves shinobi. It had been two or so generations that had passed in the Mutou family since anyone had taken part in the shinobi arts, and nobody knew for sure where this power could have come from because of the passage of time and lost history. But Fionne was in possession of this potentially great power, which had a name: Boil Release, a rare ability that allowed one to generate steam by heating up their chakra to a boiling point. Even more than the attention of her instructors and the Tsuchikage, at nine years of age she was personally approached by the jinchuuriki of the Five Tails, known as Han. He would wander into the village on rare occasions, and after hearing about someone who carried the same abilities as he did, this became one such occasion. He offered mentorship, which Fionne immediately accepted.
For two years, they established a cycle. Han would find himself in the village for a short time, teach Fionne what she needed to know, and then leave. She would work on what he had left her while progressing through her classes, eventually graduating when she was ten years old. She continued on her path, with the support of her parents. She lived a normal, reasonable life for a talented kunoichi. And then she found herself investigating a strange incident a year later, when she was just eleven.
Many of her comrades in the Hidden Rock had been injured and killed at an alarming rate, in what seemed to be solely close quarters combat. The nature of the murderous weapons was impossible to discern. Eventually, the time came for Fionne to head out into the field on difficult missions. It was an uneasy time to be sure, but with her talents and a replica of Han's famous Steam Armour, she went out with confidence, ready to protect her fellow soldiers. Her terrific strength with the help of her bloodline limit would be an invaluable asset.
But this opponent was too much to handle.
It was a young man who could make bones explode from his body at will, and turn them into diamond-hard tools of destruction. The effort, the training, the special gifts she had...they all were useless in the face of this sort of terror. He crushed her and made her world go black. Fionne next awoke inside of a dark area, and saw a pale, unfamiliar face in front of her.
For the next two years, she became an experiment. A plaything in the hands of the snake Sannin, Orochimaru.
She was used in dangerous trials, her body torn apart and restored forcefully and painfully. Blood was taken from her until she couldn't remember where she was or what she was doing. The building blocks of her body, the chemicals that held her together...were toyed with until it was unrecognizable. Her brown eyes had their colour stolen from them. Her hair changed until it looked as if it were bleached white. She cried out as her body was sapped of its strength, week after week after week. At nights, she would cry and sob in her cell until she couldn't find the energy to do it anymore. She thought of her parents, of her teachers and friends. Surely someone would find her and take her away from that hell.
Eventually, she would think on how good death would feel. It would take her away from the pain and constant torture.
To make herself numb to everything, she gave up hope and gave into the snake man's demands. Every day, she would practice her techniques, expending chakra until her body would stop responding and she had to be dragged back to her bed. She woke up in the mornings, mumbling small prayers until the words filtered through with no sound to them, and no further meaning. She watched fights to the death, and took part in them, moving like a machine with no purpose other than survival. Her mind had numbed from the carnage. It continued until Orochimaru pulled her away from the depravity for what he thought would be a fascinating series of experiments. Fionne was eventually turned into a strange being, an existence of steam that could barely hold herself together no matter what she tried. She struggled, and struggled, and struggled, until Orochimaru decided he would forcefully stabilize her.
He was bored. Disappointed. This girl was just another unfortunate failure, one of many before and that would come afterwards. Fionne was shoved into the depths of Orochimaru's stronghold in the Hidden Sound, left to rot away like garbage.
And then, whether it was luck or providence, she was not detected when the base was torn apart by the Hidden Leaf. Something inside of her mind stirred her to action. She knew that she still wanted to live. And so she gathered herself and escaped in the midst of the chaos. She ran into the forests of Fire Country and never looked back.
"Maybe it was fated," she says as she finishes.
"It's possible. You really could have died in that attack, but you didn't. You must have been meant for something more." I pause, trying to absorb everything she's told me. It's just so much, and I don't know what exactly to say. I don't know if I should say much of anything.
"You seemed to recognize that person I was speaking of earlier."
"Kimimaro Kaguya," I say. "It's certainly a twist of fate, that we both ended up fighting him..."
"You...fought him?" she asks, eyes widening. "Really?"
"I did, yes. It was on that mission that I can't tell you too much about. But I fought him and won."
"Ah...I'm jealous. I'm really, really jealous of you. Someone that strong, and you beat him..."
"If I fought him at your age, I doubt I would have fared well."
"Yeah, well...I doubt your doubting. You beat him and a creepy snake guy and 40 bandits."
"Thirty-nine."
"Shaddap."
"Yes, ma'am."
She lets out a frustrated sigh. "I can't even measure up to you."
"Why do you think you need to?"
"Because I have to be a better woman and all. You understand exactly what I mean."
I close my eyes. "Don't go chasing too hard. You'll hurt yourself."
"Yeah, I know...I know."
"How do you think...you managed to stand up again, after such a painful past?" I ask. "That would have brought anyone to ruin, but you're here right now."
"The same way you did, I think."
"So you would become a weapon as well."
"Gladly."
"You don't have anything to worry about, Fio. As you are now...you would make a splendid wife."
She brushes back some of her hair and stares into the distance. "I think I want to be yours, most of all."
I smile. "We'll see about that. You're very aggressive."
"I don't have any other ideas for courting you. Like I told you before, I'm not very smart."
Maybe we are perfect for each other. She has the same self-depreciating attitude as I do.
"You shouldn't think like that."
"Speak for yourself."
Tch...she has me there. I'll let that one go. "Let's go soak in the springs today."
"That sounds good. Lili?"
"Yes?"
"Thank you for listening to my story. It's a difficult thing, and I know you must have been searching for something to say in response. I just want you to know that this is more than enough. I'm grateful to you."
"You're welcome, Fio."
"Yeah. Let's go put this stuff away for now, then."
We gather our things and head back to the resort proper.


Chapter 81
Scarlet Justice - ep. 81"In Flore"
It's a good thing that this resort isn't far from the village. Coming here so often is made much easier as a result. Today is another day with Fio, and she mentioned the week before that she had something to show me. Apparently it's also something that can only happen once within a certain period of time. I'm intrigued as to what it could be.
"I asked nicely and got us a room we could hang out in. Great, isn't it? Perks of being a regular and junk, helps that the rates are pretty cheap overall."
The hotel at the resort has a gym, with a few individual rooms within it for training and the like. Fio has secured one such room for our personal use, for a while at least. I'm not dressed in anything for working out, but she has on a shirt and shorts from our recent shopping adventure the other day.
"I always meant to ask, where did you get your cache of money?"
"Oh, I worked some odd jobs at the start, scrounged up a few minerals...things like that," Fio says with a shrug. "Traded what I could for some cash. It was difficult at first...well, it was difficult the whole way through. Didn't have much energy in me for jobs that took too long. And I, uh...took out some indefinite loans where I could."
"Indefinite loans. How cute."
"I could just call it what it is, but that's not classy," she says with a grin.
"Survival isn't always the cleanest thing. Making it through is what counts. The heavens will deal with the supposed morality of it much later. Besides, I couldn't judge you for something that trivial."
"Oh, yeah?"
"You know how I enjoy certain...unsavoury activities."
"Well, yeah. But the whole hard work thing, you know. Rich people and all that."
I roll my eyes. "Please. Elites start ninety-five meters down a hundred meter track and claim they've slaved away for everything they have when it's time to run the race. It's nonsense, they know it and I know it. We get to where we are mainly by exploiting the classes below us. Every so often, there's someone who claws their way to the top, and we let them in as a matter of courtesy, to maintain this facade that anyone can do anything as long as they work hard enough. Bullshit."
"Wow."
"It's not often you see rich girls with this level of self-awareness. And there's a reason for that. All sorts of indoctrination and trickery, meant to keep the so called 'filthy poors' unaware and working on behalf of the global elite. It's how the world turns, at least for the time being. A rather complicated subject."
"Guess being rich isn't as good as it looks," Fio says as we reach our designated room.
"Yes, but I would be suicidal to mention that in earshot of any normal person. Far as they're concerned, I have double privilege as someone who's wealthy and a shinobi all at once. I don't get to complain because my life is that good, apparently."
"Yikes. No joke, that sounds like a really rough time. Okay, we're here. Now, I can only do this once, realistically speaking. You can probably guess why...I'm not the gal I once was."
"You're lovely."
"If I could run off flattery, I'd strap you to my back and sprint across the world twice before lunch," she says with a smile. "But that's not what's happening right now, so if you would kindly cease with your rhetoric for a moment while I complete this performance, that would be great."
I roll my eyes. "You're getting cheeky all of a sudden. I don't like it."
"You're a bad liar, Lili."
"I am not. That's insulting."
"I think you get off a little on being bullied by the right people."
"Vulgar and outrageous. Silence, savage."
"Bite me."
"Oi. Don't threaten me with a good time."
"Shaddap already and watch me work. I'm gonna dance for you in a minute or two. It's important and special and difficult. So I want you to see it."
"Fine. Let's see what you have for me." I sit on the floor and she takes her place a good distance from me. I imagine this sort of room is used for things like martial arts and gymnastics, which explains the softer composition of the floor and the padding on the walls. Mirrors are at the very back of the room, so that people can observe themselves practising techniques. I observe the rise and fall of Fio's back as she stands, preparing herself.
"I can only do this once. So make sure you're watching."
"I'm watching. What else do I have to do in here?"
"You want a list?"
I sigh and gesture for her to get on with it.
"Come on, promise that you're gonna pay attention."
"I promise. Sincerely," I say as I look into her eyes.
"Thanks. Alright...I'll start." She settles down again and takes her stance. Legs shoulder width apart, arms hanging loosely in front of her. I lean back on my hands as I look on.
Fio moves forward, in a slow and fluid manner. It first reminds me of water, then of a feather falling towards the earth. It's a natural sort of flow, one that she still remembers through that broken and battered body of hers. She mentioned that she used to have many scars on her arms and legs, but that they disappeared once she started her transformations. Her body is light, sometimes sailing away in a manner that she doesn't like before she regains control. She dances, moving like a floating feather that doesn't want to touch the earth even as it falls steadily towards it. Her arms trace paths through the air before falling back towards her body, rising and falling with her momentum. The graceful way she moves reminds me of a ballerina.
She lands one last time, and her arms tense before snapping forward. I can hear her heavy breaths as she moves. This is the end of the first dance, and the start of the second.
These are kata, moving from the short and simple to the long and complicated. She punctuates the ends of her attack strings with fierce yells, huffing and sweating, continuing in spite of her shaking frame. Her first step is fast, just as fast as Hina's. This second dance is one of precision and rigid form, something she's had drilled into her from years of training.
And then the third dance comes as I watch with heightened interest. This is the current Fio, the one who had her life unfairly changed at the drop of a hat. This is the culmination of talent, effort, and determination. A girl who leaps and walks through the skies while striking with terrifying force and ruthless precision. Her body is graceful and free as she moves, but her muscles tense and there's a vicious look in those smoky eyes as she delivers savage blows. Not a movement is wasted as she lands and rebounds into the air, calculating how she should approach before suddenly bringing herself downwards. I can't help but smile as I watch her. Excellent body control. Impressive force. There's a peculiarity to her motion, but I remember that she had equipment she used years back - the armour that was the same as her sensei's.
Fio is not only graceful, but strong. I think about what it would be like to fight with her, or by her side.
And finally, she stops and goes silent, taking her initial stance before bowing towards me. Her body is shaking, and she's drenched with sweat. Her breaths are heavy as she holds her form, staring into my eyes.
"You're beautiful, Fio."
She smiles and continues to catch her breath. "I had...a silly dream, all that time ago. But even if I thought it was over and done with...that spark has suddenly come back, thanks to you."
"What is it? This dream of yours..."
"It's what you would call a...lofty dream. Something outrageous, almost. I will become 'Bushin'."
"Bushin...I see. It's lofty, indeed."
"Yes. More than that...I want us both to reach for that goal together, without shame."
"Hm." I close my eyes. "I have no interest in such a thing. Not now, anyways."
"You who call yourself the Scarlet Viper, great blade of justice, the Crimson Nightmare who stands near the top of the shinobi world. The woman who will carve out a new age for herself and those who trail behind her. It's a title that you will have around your neck, whether you think you want it or not."
"You talk too much."
"That sort of attitude makes me want to punish you harshly, you know." I crack one eye open briefly. Drops of sweat run down her face as she looks at me, focused and demanding. So this is the Fio from so long ago. Very fiery, in a way. And something that I like, to be honest with myself.
"I suppose so. You seem to have an interest in chasing me around until I crush you. I don't have the heart to do something so cruel, but you knew that much."
"Now who's the one talking too much?"
"What are you going to do? Make me submit?" I ask with a devious smile.
"Yes. Completely," she shoots back.
My eyes open fully to acknowledge her again. "Well. Then I will look forward to that, 'Warrior God'."
"You really do bully people too much."
"It's easy when you give me so much ammunition."
She sighs and slides down to her knees. "I'm hungry now. Would you feed me?"
"Yes." I rise from my seat and lend her my back. Her body is soaking wet, and I can feel the heat of her breaths on my neck.
"Can I ask something?"
"Of course you can," I reply.
"I want you to get something for me with your resources. Something I need to complete myself...I want to be useful again."
"You're sure that you want my help? All that time spent refusing me, telling me that you were just fine as you were, making slow progress."
"Something's been knocked loose," she says quietly.
"I see. Is it that armour you were talking about earlier?"
"No. That won't be useful for the current me. It's something much smaller. Can you do it for me, Lili? Please...give me your reply, even if it's a harsh one."
"Tell me what you want, and I will see to it that it's done," I say.
"Thank you."
"You don't need to say things like that," I say as I push open the room door. "It's fine."
"Maybe...I don't need to say those things. But I want to. Along with that other stuff..."
"Why not say them now? I'm listening."
"It's not the right time."
"Mm. I see."
She goes quiet and soon falls asleep as I carry her up to our shared room. Fio takes her shower, dries off and changes, and then promptly falls asleep again like the stubborn girl she is.
"So much for eating. I suppose she'll want something when she wakes."
I take a manga volume from my bag and sit on the bed beside her as she sleeps.
"..."
It's especially dangerous this time. I'm really getting pulled in. Am I good enough? Will I ever be good enough? Small questions, at least for now. But they have a deep resonance all the same. There's still another wall I have to meet after this one.
"I wonder if I will ever feel right."
The words hang in the air as I set my book down, looking at the sleeping girl that I'm slowly, yet all too quickly, falling in love with.
Fio will be down for a few days.
The performance she put on really took a lot out of her, and it became clear that simply eating a lot wouldn't bring her back to her normal self. We spent a day talking while she had things like heating pads on her arms and legs to try and soothe her soreness...there's no clear understanding as to how her body reacts or doesn't react to certain things. Though she will come out of it fine, which is assurance enough. I leave her at the resort as usual, trusting that she will be able to take care of herself. By my next visit, she should be back to normal.
As for today, it's another mission. Kakashi was originally slated to lead it, but things appear to have changed. I really wanted to sit back and just follow orders for a while, with someone else reliable calling the shots. I guess that's too much to ask.
"Naruto hasn't been out of the village much, so this is a good opportunity for him. I think you'll be able to keep him in line better than I can," Kakashi says to me. We've met outside of the Academy Complex, where he hands off the mission scroll to me. I read through it as he explains some of the details. A C-Rank mission, nothing too extensive. We're delivering something of value, nothing large. A drop box is listed - in code, obviously - and that's where we will pick up the mystery item.
"From the sound of it, you're not having a good time with him lately," I say as I continue reading.
"He's anxious about a lot of things. And I suspect Jiraiya is influencing him quite a bit."
"That would happen, especially with recent events. I take it that Sakura hasn't been any trouble."
"Not when she's around, no. Which isn't often. I don't expect any return to normalcy until Sasuke is cleared to do exercises again. That's a while away."
"Are you taking advantage of the free time?" I ask as I roll up the scroll.
"You'll have to be more specific."
"Is that what you want? Fine. How many times have you and Ruki-"
"We're not there yet."
"But you're somewhere."
"We've been going out for dinner more often. When I don't have missions and she doesn't have work at the hospital. I'm...pretty fond of her, if I have to say anything. Is that good enough?"
"No. But I'll let you go with that much."
"I appreciate that. Anyways, I'm off. Have some other important things to take care of today. Thanks for taking care of this for me."
"Not a problem. I will see you later, Kakashi."
He gives me one of his lazy waves before leaving. Now that the mission has been figured out...I suppose it's time to get ready and gather my team. It's a group of four this time. Myself, Naruto...and two unfamiliar people. Yuno Nakamura and Futaba Azuma. Both chuunin, with a limited amount of combat experience. As long as they're not too unruly, I can take care of them and Naruto all at once.
I walk down to a local store near the drop location and buy a satchel off the shelf. The material doesn't matter, I just need something to carry the item in and that's free of any potential bugs or traps. Weather should be clear for the day. The final stopping point is southwest of Tanzaku Quarter, near the border of River Country. I go to where the drop box is, hidden beneath the floorboards of someone's porch. There are people inside, but they don't seem to notice me. A small child comes to the front door and waves at me through the glass, and I wave back before disappearing again.
Everyone is set to meet at the main entrance to the Leaf in about thirty minutes. I'm already dressed in my neutral outfit, putting up my hair into a ponytail and wearing a cap so that I'm not too recognizable in the wild. We don't want to unnecessarily raise the danger quotient this time. Naruto is probably going to be late, so my attention will be on the other two members.
Ten minutes before the designated time, someone arrives.
"Oh...is Major Hatake not here yet?" she asks. Very plain and tolerable, far as I'm concerned. Her long brown hair is well cared for, reminding me a lot of Sakura from the Academy days. Vain as anything and middling in all that she did. She has the standard uniform on, complete with a fresh looking combat vest that screams 'inexperienced'.
"I've replaced him on this mission. He had some urgent business to take care of."
"Replaced? Do I...know you?"
This one has a big head, it seems. Probably due to her recent promotion. I give her a look from under the shadow of my hat, and she steps backwards.
"Lilith Kobayashi. Your jounin commander for this mission. I assume you are Futaba Azuma."
"Y-yes. Ma'am, sorry, ma'am." She stiffens up and salutes me. I already don't like her, she smells like a suck-up. As long as she doesn't get in my way, it won't matter too much. I recite the mission details to her and she nods along like a robot. Enough time passes that the next person arrives, and I give them a look before sighing.
"Kakashi didn't mention a tag along," I say to myself quietly. "Annoying, but workable. You, what's your name?"
"Ma'am. Yuno Nakamura, ma'am. It's an honour to work with you."
"..." I resist the urge to raise my eyebrows. That boyish sort of voice is just indeterminate enough to make me second guess myself, but this is definitely a guy. His black hair is done in an impeccable bob cut down to his chin, with a silver streak on the left side. Lashes, eyeliner, light makeup, a splash of pink lipstick...and he's wearing a plain skirt and stockings to go with his uniform.
Surprising, but...nothing to worry about, honestly. I don't know if Kakashi was unaware or just forgot to mention it to me. It's likely to be the second option, if his past performances are anything to go by.
He's either aware of my scrutiny, or his caution is reflexive at this point. Given the strict adherence to appearances in these times, I can't blame him. "I hope it's...not any trouble, ma'am."
"Not at all. If you need to talk, just say so. Understood?"
"Yes, understood."
"Good. You look very nice, by the way. Those stockings are cute."
"O-oh. Thank you, I got them downtown the other day," he says with a timid smile. There's some light in those blue eyes now that he's relaxing around me. "Silly for a mission, but you know...first impressions. I haven't done anything this important yet."
"Follow my instructions and everything will work out fine. You're in good hands."
"Yes, Captain."
"..." Futaba is giving Yuno more than his share of malicious looks. I'll have to keep an eye on the situation, since she's clearly aware that this is a boy she will have to work with. How much she likes this development won't factor into how she treats him over the course of the next few hours. I'll make sure of that.
"One minute over. Not bad, honestly," I say as I look at the watch under my wrist. I can see my lovable idiot scrambling towards us at high speed before sliding to a hard stop. He salutes and I close his mouth before he can spill his usual nonsense all over us.
"You're a bit late."
"Mm-mhm-mhmm..."
"Try getting here a little earlier next time, yes?"
He nods and I let him open his mouth again. "Sorry, ma'am. Won't happen again."
"Don't worry about it too much, I just like being tidier than most. You're usually pretty good with time from what I've heard. Eager, if nothing else. Channel that enthusiasm as much as you can."
"Yep! Hey, I'm Naruto Uzumaki!" he says to his two teammates. "Good to meet you!"
"Just a genin, then?" Futaba asks.
"Eh? Oh, yeah...haven't gotten my promotion just yet, but it'll come! Really soon! I wish I was a genius like Lili, haha!"
"You know Captain Kobayashi?"
"Sure do! We graduated out of the Academy in the same year! Best friends, you know?"
"We've known each other a while, yes. Naruto has his quirks, but is a reliable teammate. I'll be around to calm him down if he gets too excited," I say.
"I'm not that bad, you know."
"Of course not, dear. Now, allow me to go over the mission details one last time. Things will be simple enough, but it's always to our benefit to follow instructions properly. Nothing unnecessary over the course of the mission. Listen closely."
I explain the mission again, as clearly as I can. A linear route towards the border between Fire and River. Along the way, there will be secured checkpoints that I can transmit radio signals from. It's a sort of tracking system that is frequently used by wealthier customers, so that they can see when their packages are arriving. Judging from the size and weight of the item I'm delivering today, I imagine that it contains important documents, maybe an expensive item or two. I don't know and really don't care - I can't smell anything odd or dangerous inside, so it's none of my business. This is really a solo job, but it looks like the Hokage wants to get some field experience for Yuno and Futaba, and to have Naruto bleed off some energy with an extra mission. All of these things have some strategic importance.
"Any questions?" I ask as I finish.
"Nope!"
"No, Captain Kobayashi, ma'am!"
"No, ma'am."
"Good. Let's get this mission over and done with. Diamond formation, Uzumaki will take the rear. Azuma will be left, Nakamura right. Gather yourselves in the next ten seconds before I take off."
They do as they're told silently, and I nod with satisfaction before moving forward. They follow faithfully and we leave the Hidden Leaf at last, starting on our southwestern course. The forests are the same as ever, and a comfort in some ways. I reach out with my senses as we move, flicking my tongue out to taste the air. The familiar feedback comes to me, and everything is safe for now. We bounce through the trees for the sake of efficiency and speed, covering ground effortlessly.
"Most of these C-Ranks are similar, huh?"
"They're supposed to be low-risk in general," I answer Naruto. Making conversation at this point is alright. "I believe one of the missions you first went on was classified as such."
"Yeah. Changed in a hurry, though."
"How does a mission change rank so suddenly?" Yuno asks.
"Clients aren't always forthcoming about their circumstances. They could be doing something illegal, like hiding banned substances, or having them smuggled across the country. It could be a simple matter of desperation, since missions have different price points. Naruto there had a case where a mission that was actually an A or B-rank was sold as a C-Rank because the client lied about what was happening."
"B-Ranks bottom out at about 150,000 ryo...C-Ranks start at 30,000. That's about five times less, pretty big difference. I can see why someone would lie...still, that puts everyone in danger, doesn't it?"
"In that case, you just abort the mission and go home. It's not something difficult," Futaba says derisively. "Whoever your mission leader was, they must have been a completely irresponsible jerk."
"Hey! Kakashi-sensei might be a weirdo, but he's not as irresponsible as he looks!" Naruto shoots back.
"That's...why would someone as elite as him do something so reckless?"
"Extenuating circumstances," I answer. "This is where we make important judgement calls, depending on the situation and the facts on the ground in front of us. There will always be a chance of unexpected danger, no matter how well you plan for a mission. We have to use all of the skills at our disposal and everything we've learned in those cases. Sometimes the best option is to move forward, ahead and into the danger. This world that is oriented with individualism and wealth has one set of rules. In order to have a good career, it's best to follow them. But within ourselves, as shinobi...there is another set of rules that we discover and craft for ourselves. It is from there that we make the choice between the mission and our fellow man. You have been taught a lot in your classes and in the village about how missions should go, but it's when you're in the field for the first time that you will be able to shape the type of shinobi you will become in the future."
"Yeah...I was thinking that, too. I read about the White Fang the other day. He was a great person who ended up disgraced because of what he did," Yuno says.
"What'd that White Fang guy do?" Naruto asks.
"Instead of completing an important mission, he saved his comrades instead."
"That's awesome! But...wait. You said he got disgraced for that? Why the hell would he be disgraced?"
"Because of the Shinobi Rules," Futaba says. "Shinobi Rule Number Four: a shinobi must always put the mission first. The mission he was on was very important to the nation, and he caused it to fail. Even as the White Fang, that was unforgivable."
"Missions are important, especially high level ones the likes of Sakumo Hatake would be sent on," I explain to Naruto.
"Sakumo...Hatake? That's Kakashi-sensei's dad, isn't it? He's never really talked about him..."
"Sakumo was dishonoured," I say as we move through the trees. "By the village, by the country itself. Everyone looked down on him. Even the people he saved hated him."
"That's...so awful..."
"It is. Missions are the lifeblood of the economy. They are a village's reputation, and that means everything in this world of ours. Failures like that are intolerable, especially once they're amplified by politicians and senior shinobi. That kind of weight on your shoulders can make your mind and body deteriorate. So it was with the White Fang."
"What happened to him? I know that he must have died, but..."
"The shame was too great in the end," I say solemnly. "He had already lost his wife at a young age, and even with Kakashi to take care of...that bond wasn't enough. It crushed him completely. He committed suicide."
"..."
"It's a depressing thing..."
"Now I get it."
"Get what?" Futaba asks.
"Why Kakashi-sensei acts the way he does. He must have remembered the things his dad went through, and all the sacrifices he made. I've always wanted to be a shinobi in my own way...not just following rules and orders like everyone else. Missions come and go every day, but people don't. They're more important than any piece of paper or rule book. That's what people like the Hokage, and Kakashi-sensei, and Lili have taught me. Maybe it's foolish, but...I'd rather spend my days as a fool in that case."
I look over my shoulder to see Yuno smiling. Futaba is predictably unimpressed.
"There's always something to be said for charisma. It's part of what makes great leaders," I say.
"The stuff of great Hokage, too!"
"Indeed."
"Is that your goal, Naruto?" Yuno asks him.
"Hell yeah! I'm gonna become Hokage one day, no matter what! Bet you can't wait to see my handsome mug on the side of a mountain, eh? Hehe."
"He's got a long road to that point. Hopefully I'll be around to keep him in line," I say to them.
"I'm counting on you to show me all the secrets to being a super elite ninja, Lili!"
"Of course you are. Don't you worry, I'll get all of the basics through that thick skull of yours. Somehow."
We hit the first few checkpoints in short order. The ones on this route rely on four digit codes, protected by simple encryption in the notes that I have on me. Three small boxes, partially hidden in the bushes near trees. I punch the codes into the keypads, and a light blinks on to let me know that the signal is being sent.
Nothing of note has taken place. It's a boring mission so far. Boring is good for us.
We stop for lunch. Everyone starts to pull out their food, whether it's a ready to eat meal or in Naruto's case, some sort of long sandwich packed with meat.
"Where are your vegetables?" I ask.
"They're in there...somewhere..."
I slap his hand and make him put away the sandwich. "Foolish. Eat that on your own time, with a salad. I'm cooking today. That goes for the rest of you, put away those ration packs."
"Do...we usually do this?" Yuno asks as he puts away his facsimile of food.
"When you have a team, meals will vary. Most will eat what they bring with them, others like the experience of hunting and will eat on the go. Survivalists, rugged fellows. Nice folk, if a little unhinged at times."
"Heh."
"Hush, you," I say to Naruto with a playful poke. "Our team is a bit more refined, I would say. Health conscious as well. Three ladies and one gentleman, all versed in cooking of some type. And so, we have lovely meals whenever we go out together."
"Hey, I got a question. A serious one this time," Naruto says.
"Go ahead, love."
"How come your team comp is the way it is, Lili? Kinda weird, compared to what people have been telling me."
"For the sake of our audience, I will explain what our 'team comp' in this case is," I say to Yuno and Futaba. "We started out as any team fresh out of the Academy would. Three genin in a team, led by one jounin instructor. Team Eight of the Leaf."
"Hinata Hyuuga, Shino Aburame, and Kurenai Yuuhi," Yuno says.
"Correct."
"Kurenai-sensei is amazing, I think. She's stylish and really skilled...I don't think anyone in the village right now is as good as her when it comes to genjutsu. I was thinking about going down that path, but...I might become a medic instead. They're kind of in the same stream, so maybe I can do both. I have time to decide, right?"
"You do, yes. Try out what works for you, and you can always take on something else later. You're never locked into one choice for your whole life, people have been known to stumble into their passions later on as they advance in age and mature. Now, we were talking about how our team is composed. Hinata is currently still a genin, accomplished as she is. Shino is a chuunin. And I am a jounin, along with Kurenai. You can see how it looks odd against what you've been told about shinobi teams."
"Usually a genin will move on to lead their own squads. It's the same for jounin," Futaba points out. "That's what I did, and our team split up."
"I remember what Iruka-sensei said at our team selection thing, though," Naruto interrupts. "That the people we get paired with are our life and death partners and junk. We end up eating and sleeping together, going on all kinds of missions together, making bonds...how do you just split up after all that?"
"There lies the confusion," I say. "It's those bonds and experiences that lead teams to stay together for as long as the members are active. While we might get called away to do important work, like Kakashi did today, or like I am doing here, our team remains a team. Shinobi ranks change what kind of work we take on and our responsibilities. They don't determine our teammates, the people we constantly spend time with. I'm still quite young, and there's much that I can learn from Kurenai. That's why I still call her my sensei. Rank doesn't change how I treat Shino or Hinata either. They're my precious comrades that I would do most anything for, and they feel the same about me. This is all intentional...the formation of strong units that know each other inside out for the greatest synergy, containing strong and capable leaders who individually can strike on their own or lead other teams in the field."
"Whoa...crazy," Naruto says as he scratches his head. "So...you're a student, and a teammate, and a leader all at the same time..."
"My team split up too after my promotion...well, they let me move on without them. I think it was for the best," Yuno says.
"It sounds like it," Futaba says, a little too quickly.
"Well, my question's been answered! Time to eat already!" Naruto yells.
"Calm down a little. I need some time to cook. Get me some wood to use while I work on the meat."
"Heh..."
I glare at him. "Imagine being that childish. I could never relate."
"Ah, shut up. Don't walk around with a stick up your butt because we're on a mission."
"Excuse me for pointing out that you're giggling like a girl at the mere mention of...meat. You are a child. An infant."
"Listen, just 'cos I didn't swallow the dictionary or whatever when I was younger..."
"Go away already, peasant. You want to eat, get me my material. Some thick wood would be nice for my purposes...you're laughing again, aren't you."
"N-no."
"Get out of here, idiot," I scold playfully. "Be useful for once."
He blows a raspberry at me before smiling and heading into the forest.
"It's nice to have teammates you can joke around with like that," Yuno says. "Is there anything you want me to do, ma'am?"
"There's a stream some distance away. If you could gather some water for me, that would be lovely. Any herbs you spot will be a bonus, so don't press too hard. Okay?"
"Okay. I'll get to it." Yuno gets up and Futaba is barely holding back a scowl as she watches him go. There's some history between them, clearly. Perhaps it was the source of that unsubtle little comment from earlier.
Things we can explore after lunch, I suppose.
"Ma'am, ready and willing to help, ma'am." Futaba is on her feet, brown eyes focused on me as I unseal vegetables from one of my storage scrolls. Bootlicker. Between the start of the mission and now, she's already become tiresome.
"Cut those up. I'll work on the rest."
"Ma'am."
I unseal a separate scroll with the meat, and we work separately in silence.


Chapter 82
cw: transphobia/homophobia, basically a bunch of bigoted and hateful talking points come up in this chapter, ones that are more than familiar if you've spent time on the internet or like, existedenjoy the chapter and be safe out there
Scarlet Justice - ep. 82"Dirty Water"
We finish our lunch, clean up, and continue our journey through the countryside. The next set of checkpoints are innocuous-looking boxes set on the side of roads in the open. A technical difficulty comes up and we stop to see if I can fix it. If not, the next checkpoint will be waiting.
"It will take a few minutes to properly reset. Once it does, I'll try again and see if we can get that signal to go up," I say. "Everyone can rest in the meantime."
Naruto flops back onto the grass nearby while Futaba sighs and crosses her arms.
"Captain? Is it okay if I have a word with you?" Yuno asks.
"You can have as many as you like. Come over for a moment, yes?"
"Yes, ma'am."
We cross over to the other side of the road. Futaba gives us a look but soon turns her head away.
"What was it you needed, darling? Is everything alright?"
"Mostly, yeah. I just wanted to thank you for...accepting me as I am. I know it must have caused you trouble."
"Not at all. You're very welcome, Yuno."
"I, um...I'm okay with being called a guy, since I am and all. But I'm more...undecided. I like to present myself as feminine. It started as something silly. A friend of mine thought I would look really cute as a girl, and while I gave it thought, I was really afraid of doing anything like that. I used to get teased a lot because I looked a little too pretty for a guy before. But I was still a guy in everyone's eyes, you know?"
"Mm, I see."
"Yeah. So we tried it out. I had the makeup on, got some girl's clothes...went all the way with everything. I saw myself in the mirror and my heart kind of just...stopped. Not literally, but I was so confused and amazed at the same time. The person in the mirror was the same person I had seen in my dreams. The same person I wished I could become. After that day, I started changing myself in secret, going out at nights, chatting with people who didn't know who I was."
"And then you decided to show your true self to everyone."
"They all hated it. My parents kicked me out of the house. That friend...she tried to help, but she's mutual friends with Futaba. You might have noticed how she's been looking at me. As soon as I got my promotion, my team split up. My sensei hasn't spoken to me since. It was hard getting experience...nobody wanted to be seen with me, aside from some local creeps. Sorry. You don't want to hear my sob story."
"Listening is what a good leader does. And you've been waiting a long time to talk about this, I can tell. It's perfectly fine."
"I don't know who I truly want to be yet. Mom and Dad say they'll let me back in the house once I get over my 'phase' as they keep calling it. And for a while, I was thinking that it really was just a phase. That maybe, if I just stopped and got some help, everything would get back to normal. But that never happened. It's been a year now, I think. I do this every day, and it feels natural. Like it makes sense."
"You don't have to be normal. Just yourself. Things will be difficult, surely. But you will make it through if you believe in yourself. You are beautiful, inside and out."
"You really think so?"
"You are fabulous, my dear," I say with a smile. "Those other bitches are just jealous. They can stay mad for as long as you live, don't let it get you down."
"I won't. Promise."
"Good. And if you ever need anything, come and find me. I do hope you're not living in some hovel within the village, or shacked up with a creepy man."
"I've got a decent place uptown. Believe me, I met my fair share of creeps. Thanks for...just caring. Just this much means a lot, Captain."
"Lili is fine in private."
"Lili, then. I'll be sure to call on you if I do need anything."
I think for a moment. "Actually...there's someone you can contact right away once we get back to the village. I'll give you her number, she's one of the Hyuuga girls. Don't tell anyone, but I've managed to get a cabal under my control."
"Wow...you really are an elite, like I kept hearing."
"Most of the rumours are true."
"Like how you seduced Tsume Inuzuka's daughter?"
"That one is still floating around, I see. No, I haven't done such a thing." Well, not yet.
"Hm. I guess you can't believe everything you hear."
"Certainly not. Hold a moment, dear. Naruto? Could you come here?"
"Yeah!" He jumps up and speeds over to us. "What's up?"
"Yuno here has something to tell you."
"I...do?"
"Yes. You do," I say with a deliberate look.
"Oh." He takes a deep breath in. "Right. Um, Naruto...I have to tell you the truth. I'm...actually a guy."
"..."
Naruto raises a brow and looks at me. I nod and he looks at Yuno.
"Really? Again?"
"...eh?"
"I thought you would have noticed sooner," I say.
"I dunno. I mean...Haku was sorta more like a guy than this, I think?" Naruto tilts his head to one side in thought. "Hmm..."
"What's...going on?" Yuno asks. "What does 'again' mean?"
"Oh, sorry! You look like another person I met a while ago. His name was Haku. Haku...Yuki, I think. Part of a clan in the Mist that disappeared."
"A bloodline limit user?"
"Yeah, he used ice and junk. How'd you know?"
"The Hidden Mist used to purge those with special abilities."
"That's what he said, too. You don't have one of those, do you?"
Yuno smiles apologetically. "Afraid not. Just a normal, non-bloodline limit shinobi."
"Ah, okay. That's fine, too. Anyways...yeah, Haku was someone I ended up fighting, and he died protecting the person he cared about the most in the world. The very first time we met, he tricked us and disappeared. But he was wearing a mask, see. So we met another time while I was training in the forest, and I didn't know who it was that I was talking to at that point. I didn't want to admit it, but he looked way prettier than Sakura did. Most girls, really! Aside from Lili and Hinata, of course. Hehe."
"You can stroke my ego properly later, but I appreciate it all the same," I say.
"So yeah! That's why I'm not super shocked that you're a guy. You look even prettier than he did, honestly. Which is alright." He shrugs. "Don't feel any two ways about it in the end."
"I see. Thank you, Naruto. For the compliments and everything else," Yuno says while blushing.
"No problem! Uh...the other girl is like, a girl...right?"
"Yes, Naruto. Futaba is a girl," I say to him.
"Okay, cool. Things get confusing sometimes, you know."
"Speak for yourself. This one has a perverted jutsu that he's trying to get me to help with."
"Dunno why she's being so stubborn. I mean, she'd get something out of it, too..."
"It's vulgar. Unbecoming of refined ladies such as myself."
He leans towards Yuno. "Better watch out, she might be all over you by the end of the day."
"I can hear you, Blondie."
"Nyeh."
I hear a beeping come from the other side of the road. Seems like the device is ready.
"Let's send the signal and continue on our way. If we go at a good pace, we should make it to our destination by nightfall. Camping is nice, but I'd like a warm bed if possible," I say as I punch in the appropriate code. A green light goes on to indicate success, and I close the cover over the keypad.
"Lili likes to spring for inn rooms," Naruto explains.
"Really? Are those expenses part of the mission?" Yuno asks.
"Nope! Out of pocket, because she's loaded. She likes to treat us to whatever we want. Eh...sometimes it's a lot. You kind of feel like a kid, and with us shinobi being all independent and rugged and junk, it's a weird feeling. But you get used to it."
"I see. It's really generous."
"That's just how she is. Pretty cool, if you ask me."
"Yeah. Very cool."
"Let's continue on our journey. Is everyone ready?" I ask. After getting a positive response, we take off down the road towards our next destination.
The last checkpoint was an hour ago, and evening is shifting into night slowly. We've reached the town, our final destination. The border between Fire and River is not far away from this modern-looking little settlement, and we walk through it comfortably in single line formation, underneath the street lights as they flicker to life.
"I'll be inside for a bit. Make your rounds and keep your eyes open."
We go our separate ways as I ascend the steps to the front door and knock. I can hear a small bit of shuffling before the door opens. A woman of middle age, with long black hair and glasses that have thin rectangular frames. She dresses neatly in a cardigan with dress pants.
"You made it in good time," she says with a smile.
"I'm glad that I met expectations."
"Same here. Come on in, I'll get you a cool drink while I review those documents."
"Thank you." I step inside and remove my footwear, stepping into a pair of slippers at the front entrance. She leads me down the narrow hallway and past the living area towards the kitchen. It's a cozy little house, something that I could see myself living in one day.
I take the satchel off and remove the package from it, handing it to her. She sits down at the kitchen table and slides a glass to me filled with cool green tea. I take a sip and sit down myself, watching as she opens the package and inspects it, then flips through the documents that were inside of the manila folder.
"Beautiful. This is like a hundred gold bars dropped into my lap. Wasn't difficult getting here, was it?"
"Not at all. Everything worked perfectly. How are you doing so far?"
"Hanging in there. I've got three more months before I get a break." She smiles and gives me a playful look. "Gonna go up to Hot Water Village and play around in the hot springs. Help myself to a few pool boys while I'm there."
I laugh quietly. "Seems you know what you want out of life."
"I'm definitely not getting any younger. Might as well make the most of it while I can. Papers look excellent, no issues. Those little annoyances from our friends to the north will be taken care of, along with some other things."
"Be safe, won't you?"
"Only if you do the same. Make sure you rest for the night, the inn here is clean."
"Thank you." I finish my tea and the woman hands me a scroll, which I put into my satchel. We give each other a knowing nod as I leave, heading down the street where our team gathers together again.
"We'll call it a night here," I say.
"Staying in a public place like this isn't all that secure," Futaba says. "Not to make any decisions for you, ma'am."
"The inn is fine. We've had some recon done on it, from what I know. There's no reason to take a moonlight stroll or sleep in the woods. We'll have a light snack, go to sleep, and then leave in the morning. Very simple. Objections, Miss Azuma?"
"No, ma'am."
"Then that's all. I will take care of the accommodations. For the sake of safety, we'll pair off into one room each."
We walk to the inn a few blocks away, situated near the middle of this small town. I imagine that it's one of the main sources of revenue here, that and the printing businesses that we've passed along the way. But there's probably something else keeping this town going, perhaps a steady stream of funding from the Leaf itself.
There's an elderly gentleman manning the front desk. He takes the payment I give him upfront graciously and hands us two keys in return, one of which I pass off to Yuno.
"It's a terrible thing to ruin the mystique of it all, but...Naruto, you'll be with Yuno tonight."
"Cool. You, uh...don't need me to do anything special, right?" he asks Yuno.
"Nothing like that," he says with a smile. "I might be late to bed because of all the stuff I have to take care of. Is that okay?"
"No problem. I sleep like a rock anyways, heh. Oh, we can split that big sandwich I've got lying around, too!"
"Sounds good. I guess we'll see you in the morning then, Captain."
"Yes, of course. A pleasant night to you both."
"I'm going to get a snack," Futaba says. "If that's okay, ma'am."
"Yes, it's fine. I will see you upstairs."
We go our separate ways. I pass Naruto and Yuno as they open their door, already chattering away like old friends. My room is about two doors down. Plain, but far from a monastic experience. I take a shower and wrap myself in one of the provided towels before relaxing in a chair.
These are the times where one simply empties their mind and...stops thinking about most everything else. It's soothing and peaceful. Makes the world feel smaller than it actually is.
"..."
There is that small looking void that I used to wander into. I haven't since I became a shinobi. It's not fear, it's something else. A reluctance, perhaps? No...something other than that. Protection. From what, exactly? Is this where I buried my memories?
I shouldn't touch that right now. Another time...
I rise at the first knock on the door. Futaba is on the other side according to the chakra signature, but I cautiously approach anyways so that she can feel comfortable. Rules and regulations are what keep her sane, it seems.
"Welcome back. How was dinner?" I ask.
"Fine, ma'am." She tries to hide her fluster as she looks at me, before heading inside as I close the door.
"The shower is free, I just had mine earlier. I won't be heading out tonight...not very hungry, it seems."
"That's fine, ma'am. May I...ask a question?"
"You have permission to speak as freely as you like, Futaba."
"Is...that so?"
"Yes." I look at her and she looks back at me, the electric lamps casting a dull glow across the room. Her hands are at her sides, fists starting to ball up with her frustration. "You won't be in any trouble for speaking your mind. From a mission standpoint, at least."
"Do you know about Yuno?"
"Yes, I figured it out within a minute of our meeting. It's why I sent him to stay with Naruto...they're the only pair that would make sense at this point. You obviously don't like him, and putting you in a room with a boy would offend your sensibilities. Shame, that."
"And you're...okay with that?"
"Yes."
"How? Why? Don't you know what he is?"
"A person," I say flatly. "Or do you mean to say that he's not actually a human being? Maybe a member of one of the animal kingdoms in disguise? That would be interesting on top of everything else-"
"He's an abomination."
I roll my eyes. "A touch dramatic, no?"
"What else would you call someone like that? Girls are girls and guys are guys," Futaba argues. "He's trying to be both. He's trying to get away with being a cute, frail little girl and then every night, he gets to go home and strip off his makeup and take off that skirt and suddenly he's a man again. I bet he fed you garbage about how persecuted he is. About how his parents kicked him out for being a deviant."
I put up my hair as she speaks. "I wouldn't know. And it would be confidential if I did know, somehow."
"How is it that you can be okay with a...a freak like that? A pervert who walks around in women's clothing and fakes being a girl. What about me? I have to be a girl every day of my life. I don't get to turn it on and off. I don't get to go through school being accepted just for being a man, I had to deal with my parents trying to get me to drop out of the Academy because they wanted me to have grandkids. And being a kunoichi is too hard and too dangerous, especially compared to being a housewife with three kids and a rich husband. What part of that is fair?"
"It's not fair. I don't see what that has to do with Yuno."
"He's wrong!" she says frantically. "Everything about him is wrong! Everything he does and says makes no sense! It's his fault he has no friends! It's his fault he's not respected! It's his fault for choosing to be a fucking sicko cross-dressing pervert, and nothing he says or does will change that! All he needs to do is get some professional help, take off that fucking makeup, cut his hair, and stop pretending that he doesn't have a dick when he does! He's stealing from us! From women! And as long as he continues to act the way he does, he deserves every bit of scorn he gets! All of it!"
I wait for Futaba to calm down, watching as her fists loosen and the tears come down her face.
"Is that all?"
She looks at me with disbelief.
"What...?"
"I asked if you were finished. Do you have more to say?" I repeat.
"Don't...you care? Are you one of them, too?"
"Them...what does that mean, exactly?"
"People like him. Those...deviants."
"You mean the gays and the lesbians. Those, right?"
"Yes..."
I shrug. "What does it matter to you? I don't have to be a lesbian to support the rights of my fellow man. Is that what you think? That I need to be like those people to have empathy towards them? That sounds quite silly, don't you think?"
"I...I don't know."
"You're allowed to hold whatever views you like. What your parents have taught you, what you absorb from community leaders...that is out of my control. And educating you isn't something that I'm obligated to do either. Offering some sort of detailed rebuttal to all of your nonsense is ultimately a waste of time. Your mind is swimming in twisted thoughts. Panicking because you saw another girl's bare flesh."
She stifles herself for a moment. "I-I didn't...it was just..."
"Indecent."
"Yes! I'm not a lesbian! I don't have filthy thoughts about other women, not at all! Why would you even-"
"Why would I what? Tempt you? Lead you astray? What was it that I said, Futaba?"
"I...but I..." Her mouth flaps open and closed, and intelligible sounds cease to come through. She's shaking, on the verge of tears once more as she scrambles to defend her vision of the world.
"Think what you like. Believe what you like. But in my presence, you don't get to express those views. It's garbage. Trash. All of it. Yuno did not choose his life. He did not choose his feelings. He is not taking anything from you, he is not a threat to you. He is a human being, a person just like you. And you are going to treat him as such, at least while I'm here. Do you understand?"
"..."
"I asked if you understood, Futaba. You can be as poisonous as you want in your home, with your friends and family. But here, you don't get to do that. You will treat every person that you see and talk to with respect until they have clearly demonstrated that they have forfeited that right. So answer: do you understand what I am saying?"
"Yes...yes, m-ma'am," she says through her tears.
I sigh and take a seat on the bed. "You were already intolerable enough. A worthless bootlicker...now I find out you're a bigot on top of that. What a mess."
"I don't...I don't want..."
"..."
She's stuck where she is, shaking and crying. I understand that there's more to it than her just being a rigid traditionalist. She's scared and confused. She doesn't know what to think or feel, and is clinging to everything she's been taught and everything she knows. There's the jealousy, the anger, the feeling of betrayal perhaps. A complex web of things, complicated by our society.
Seeing shadows everywhere she goes. Wondering if this or that will taint her forever. Wandering into dark and painful places. What she's said is disgusting. The truth is that she has also been wounded. Both are true.
To see her values rejected and called out for the trash that they are...that is the first step. She might not change at all after this. This display of emotion could very well be a simple outpouring of frustration at not being validated the way she wanted to be.
"Go and take your shower. You'll calm down in a minute or so," I say to her. She nods stiffly and heads into the bathroom. An hour passes before she comes out, and I've taken to reading mission reports while I wait.
"Do you feel better?" I ask.
"I...don't."
"That's unfortunate. Let me know when you're ready for bed and I'll stop my reading."
"..."
Another hour passes in silence. Futaba shuffles around a bit and leaves before returning in her sweater.
"Are...you going to change?" she asks.
"Change into what?"
"Clothing...?"
"My towel is secure enough. I'll sleep like this. Honestly, what the hell is your problem? Do you think I'm going to rape you? Fuck off already," I say to her.
"S-sorry...I didn't mean..." She sighs. "I'm ready to sleep now...please."
"Alright." I put away my notebook and hop down from the bed.
"What are you doing?" Futaba asks.
"Helping you sleep. You're clearly upset."
"..."
"Lie down. And relax."
She does as I ask, putting her head on a pillow opposite the side I'm going to sleep. My hand goes to her head and strokes it gently.
"I...don't you hate me?" she squeaks out.
"No."
"Even...if that's the..." She's crying again. "Why...help me? Why would you be so gentle?"
"You have said many, many things that I disagree with. I think you're awful and a complete suck-up that might get people hurt one day under your command. You have a big head and an even bigger mouth. I really don't like people like you," I say as I continue to stroke her head gently.
"..."
"But you're just like me. A person. And it is for that reason that I will give you the care and compassion that all people in this world should have. Even if people like you would say that because of their past sins, they don't deserve it. It is what's known as grace, Futaba. I want you to remember this for the rest of your life."
Her bewildered eyes slowly close.
"And one day...hopefully. You will overcome yourself. And you will pass this grace on to someone else."
We wake in the morning as the sun rises.
Futaba says nothing as she goes through her routines, though she retreats to the bathroom again to get herself dressed and ready for the day. I simply shake out my hair and pull on my clothing in the middle of the room.
We make our exit and head down to the room Naruto and Yuno share. My favourite hyperactive shinobi smothers me in a rather unprofessional hug, which I return without a second thought.
"Seems we're ready," I say. "How was your night?"
"Great! Yuno's an awesome roommate, you know?"
"I didn't do anything special," he says gently. "But yeah, we had a good night. How was yours, Captain?"
"Fine enough. Shall we go?"
The four of us head downstairs and drop off our keys, checking out. A short walk to the edge of town, and then we take off together in formation at full speed. Without a route we need to follow, we can very easily cut through the countryside and make it home before the end of the morning.
We take a small break in a clearing some time later.
"Um, Lili?"
"Hm? What is it, Yuno?" He approaches me quietly.
"Is...Futaba okay? Did you say something to her because of me?"
"We had an exchange last night. She was the one who wanted to express her feelings about a lot of things," I reply. "She's fine, probably upset because I didn't validate any of her bullshit. You can relax, it wasn't solely about you."
"Yeah...I just was a bit worried and all. It must have hurt her, being put on a mission with someone like me. She isn't giving me those harsh looks anymore, which is nice."
"Good. That's one problem solved, at least temporarily."
"Thank you for sticking up for me, Lili. And for everything you've done on this mission. I ended up learning a lot."
"As long as you put these lessons into practice when it's your turn to lead, I will be happy."
"You really think I would get my own team one day?"
"Peacetime promotions outside of the exams are very specific. If you're a chuunin now, it's because you've earned that right. Straighten your back, Yuno. Start believing in yourself as a soldier. Understand?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Good. That's one thing you need to fix, your outward confidence. Beauty does not mean weakness."
"Yes, understood."
"Was there anything else?"
"No, ma'am. Thank you for listening to me."
"Any time, dear."
We continue across the forest, Naruto and Yuno talking while Futaba remains quiet and sullen. She is at least paying attention to her surroundings, which is all I could ask for. Finally, after a few more hours of travel, we've arrived home again. The four of us pause at the entrance beyond the gates.
"Hell yeah! Mission accomplished!" Naruto yells. "One step closer!"
"Thank you all for your cooperation on this mission," I say with a polite bow. "Your efforts are recognized and appreciated. We have one last stop to make, and after you collect your pay, we will disperse. Remember to be well, everyone."
We move ahead to the Academy Complex, where the Mission Assignment Desk sits. A familiar and welcome face is here today.
"Hey, it's been a while!"
"Iruka-sensei!"
"Good morning, Iruka. Have you been well?"
"Pretty good, yeah. Glad to see you two rascals," he says with a smile. "Yuno and...Futaba, right? I remember you both. Everything okay, Yuno?"
"Everything's fine, sensei."
"Nothing you need?"
"Nothing, but thank you again. Captain Kobayashi has a handle on things this time."
"She always does. Glad to hear it. Futaba, everything okay?"
"Yes, everything is okay, sensei. Thank you for asking," she says with a small smile.
"No problem. I'm always interested in how my old students are doing. Let's see, now...C-Rank, delivery mission. Completed in good time, but that's expected of your group...and there we go. You're officially done. There were a few bonuses embedded in the contract, and you've managed to hit all of them. 100,000 ryo each. Nice."
"Heh. Guess that'll be decent pocket change for Lili," Naruto quips.
"Not even I can spend that much money recklessly. You think I breathe ryo or something?"
"Have you considered making a donation to your local charity?" he says with a grin.
"No. Your ramen budget will be big enough after this. And don't make me conspire against you with Teuchi, noodle-head."
"Okay, okay! I promise not to spend it all on ramen."
"Good boy." I pat his head and he grumbles at me. "Now go home and sleep, you've earned it." I give him a kiss on the forehead and smile.
"Sure thing," he says while smiling back. "See you later, Lili."
Everyone collects their payment, bids Iruka farewell, and starts on their separate ways.
"Captain Kobayashi...I want to talk with you. Please."
I give Futaba my attention as we stand outside of the Academy building.
"As you wish. What is it?"
"Last night...it wasn't who I was. It was unbecoming of me to speak that way. I don't...hate Yuno. I don't hate anyone who is like him, or has alternative lifestyles. I just think that they're...going about it wrong. But I shouldn't continue on justifying myself. You were right. I shouldn't be so disrespectful. I shouldn't want to hurt people who are different."
"Futaba."
"Yes?"
"Slow down."
"I don't understand."
"Slow...down," I repeat. "You are a person, a young woman with years of bias drilled into your head. I was raised with many of the same values in my early years. I then went through a world where everything I once knew was distorted in extreme ways. And after that, I managed to craft something for myself. What I said last night was the truth. The entire conversation was between us. I'm not going to report you, I'm not going to make your life a mess. Is that what you're worried about?"
"That's...not really it."
"Then what is it?"
"I just want to understand. Instead of having to live in this world where things are upside down all of a sudden."
"That's why I said to slow down. Coming to a proper understanding will take time. It will take effort. And you know what? You may even fail. You may very well let something slip and the mask that you've worked so hard to construct will fall away in an instant. There is no quick and easy fix for these things. The one thing you must do is try."
"I just...I want to be like you. I want to be good and kind to people that I'm...not aligned with, even if we're so different."
"If you could see the scars that mark me, you would not say such a thing, Futaba." I take her hands in mine. "Grow in the environment you have now, with the advantages and privilege that you have access to. Do not seek out pain, or some ascetic means of gaining enlightenment. Live within your own capacity for now."
"..." She slowly nods and I let her go.
"Do not internalize the things I have said about your actions. They are not you. Well...maybe not aside from being a puppet, anyways."
"I...have to disagree."
"You do? And why is that?"
"Soldiers who can follow orders and stick to the rules are an asset, ma'am."
"Then be an office lady. Mindlessly following orders in the field is how you get war crimes."
"Then what good are rules?"
"You're not paying attention to what I've said," I say as I stare at her. "Those shinobi who break the rules of this world are garbage. But those who abandon their comrades are lower than garbage. That is something Kakashi Hatake said."
"..."
"Rules and regulations are important. But they are not the measure of one's existence. Take that thought with you, or don't. It's not my place to make that decision for you, Futaba."
"I think...I understand a little now. Thank you for hearing me out, Captain. I apologize again. And thank you for your kindness towards me, even if I didn't deserve it after what I did. Thank you."
She extends her hand and I take it, shaking once.
"Take care of yourself, Futaba."
"You as well, ma'am."
She turns and walks away. There's really nothing to do but hope that things have started to sink in. I would like a happy ending, but...sometimes it doesn't pan out the way we want.
Humans are fragile creatures, in the end.


Chapter 83
Scarlet Justice - ep. 83"Gardenia"
Today brings me to another block of free time, and with it comes another opportunity to head north.
"I come bearing a gift."
"Ooh, candy. Thank you kindly, Lili."
Fio chews happily on the treats as we head through the resort square and its shopping centres once more. She's wearing the approximation of gothic wear that I got her the last time, and because of it she's turning heads for better reasons than before. My attention is mainly on finding a certain salon. Always nice to use your connections when you have them.
"So you said you had a surprise for me today. What is it?" Fio asks.
"Wait and see. You're going to like it. Ah, here we are." The entrance comes into view, and we step inside. It's a small, quaint little place with two big chairs available.
"You made it! So glad to see you, sweetie." I exchange kisses with the young woman who owns the shop. Her name is Rui, and I first met her at the hot springs. She has fluffy hair that's dyed cotton pink, shading her eyes in a mysterious manner almost. She's also quite a tease, wearing short skirts and low-cut tops just for the fun of it. The most important thing, of course, is that she's an elite stylist.
"My lovely friend here needs to have her hair rescued. And of course, I would like some maintenance done for myself." Luna is almost always the one who looks after my hair since she loves doing so, but she doesn't mind if I have someone responsible look after it while I'm out. As long as it's not too often, of course.
"Oh, it really is a mess," Rui mutters, running her hands through Fio's hair. "We might be here a while since I have to do these things right. Probably will have to order in some food, the works."
"Put it all on my bill if you're doing that." I settle into my chair and relax. "I want no expense spared when it comes to this one."
"Got it. Okay, let's see how much magic I can charge up..." She guides Fio to the open chair and puts a hairdressing gown over her as she sits. "What's your name, honey?"
"It's Fio. Nice to meet you."
"My name's Rui, it's lovely meeting you too. I love your hair and the whole aesthetic, but this is definitely an emergency on our hands."
"Yeah...I've never been good with taking care of things like that."
"A tomboy, I'm guessing?"
"That, and my mom used to help out when I was at home."
"That'll do it. Listen, don't worry about a thing. I'll send you home with a little kit, and when I'm done with you, you'll only need that little bit of regular maintenance to keep your hair looking nice and fresh. I can tell you're not one of those vanity customers, so I might as well give you what you need and no less."
"Thank you."
"Lili, hon. You gonna be okay over there?"
"Take as long as you need before getting to me. I only need a minor touch up, that's all."
"Aye. Let's get to it. Gonna start with a little bit of trimming, Fio. Just relax."
And so, Rui starts her work. She combs and trims Fio's hair a bit, moving back and forth while checking in the mirror to make sure everything is alright. I can tell that she already has a vision of what she wants, and that it won't differ too drastically from what we have now. I busy myself with a magazine while glancing over every so often to look at the progress being made.
Back at home...the real work will be starting soon enough. We've been getting contact from that person over the past few weeks. Everything is taken care of in the Leaf for the most part. Certain things need to be left to develop by themselves as well. I should visit the mansion when I have some more time, surely. And after that, give a bit more attention to those in my circle at home.
Lots to do, it seems. And winter is almost here, too.
"Is everything alright, Fio?" I ask.
"Yeah. This is pretty luxurious, you know? Hurts a bit because of the tangles and junk, but I can tell that I'm being taken care of by a pro."
"Glad you noticed," Rui says proudly. "I haven't had anyone come in like this in a long time, but what's life without a tough puzzle or two? You've definitely had it rough, sweetie...but don't you worry. I'll tackle this, and get something for your skin while I'm at it. We're taking care of you from head to toe today."
"Thanks so much."
The front door opens and two more women arrive, bearing gifts of coffee that they deliver to Rui's work table. Aya and Ayame, not twins by birth but certainly in spirit. They have the same princess cut and wear cute matching dresses in the 'lolita' style. They greet me and then get to work looking after my needs since Rui will be busy a while.
"What are you planning to do later on, Fio?" I ask as they tend to my nails.
"Hmm...I was thinking that I've been running for long enough. I want to go back home and see my parents."
"That sounds nice. Hopefully they haven't screwed up in your hometown and declared you a missing shinobi by now."
"It's possible, and it would be harsh for sure. But...I think I could just take my chances. If I end up rejected and turned away, then it wouldn't be so sad, I think. Or I could just go somewhere else and turn myself in. Who knows."
"Somewhere like the Leaf, perhaps."
"Haha, maybe. I could pester you, Lili. But I also want to journey on my own for a while. Han-sensei likes to go here and there, so maybe if I wander around Earth Country for a bit, I might run into him. We can talk about starting training all over again."
"That sounds nice. You should make sure you can properly gain weight before that."
"That's true, yeah. Haven't got it completely down yet."
We both settle into silence for a while after that. Rui takes a break and says that she's a quarter of the way done with the process. The twins start on my hair, giving it the appropriate touch ups and washing it much like Luna would. We finish drying and Rui is back at work again.
"When your hair is done, I'll do your nails," I say to Fio from the other side of the room.
"Okay. I'd really like that."
"I gotta say, it's a miracle that your hair held up this well. It's bad, but...compared to the rest of you, I wouldn't complain. No offence, hon," Rui says.
"None taken. It's, uh...been kind of a shitshow the past two years, to be blunt," Fio says. "I know that I look like hell, and I feel like it too most days. Wouldn't recommend you try this at home."
"Advice taken and stored. Ah...can't use too many chemicals, since I promised easy maintenance. I've got something that'll do the trick. Just let me get in there a little bit with this oil here..."
"What colour did you want for your nails today, Lili?" Aya asks me.
"I'm feeling a bit playful today...let's try tangerine. That sounds nice."
"You got it, boss lady."
"Fio, what about you? Pick something nice for yourself."
"Umm..." She closes her eyes and thinks. "Sky blue, maybe?"
"Lovely. I hope your body will remember the colour, in case anything happens."
"I'll make sure it does, since you're doing all the work."
"You really have a big mouth."
I see her smile in the mirror. "Yeah, I know. I'm chasing after you until you get rid of me."
"So stubborn," I say with my own smile. Aya paints my hands and feet while Ayame goes to help out where Fio is. They finish and get me a bottle of sky blue nail polish, which I take over to Fio as soon as my own polish has dried enough.
"That colour looks really pretty," she says as I crouch at her feet.
"Hold still, love. I won't be too long."
"Okay."
I take one of her feet gently in my hand and start to paint her toenails. Steady and careful, as if I were doing my own. She's obedient and very still as I work. Once I'm done, I leave them to dry and start to work on her fingernails.
"Okay, I think I'm finally done!" Rui says as she wipes her forehead with a cloth. "Let's see what you think of it, Fio."
We both step to the side and let her look at her reflection. It really is amazing work; her hair now has a beautiful sheen to it, straight and neat. Bangs sweeping stylishly above her eyebrows, looking silky and soft. Tears start to fill her eyes before spilling over.
"I look like this...I didn't think..."
"Really gorgeous," Rui says.
"Yes. She's beautiful. Can I do the final honours?" I ask.
"Sure. I'll get you a makeup kit."
I walk up to Fio and wipe her tears. "I'm glad you're so happy."
"Lili...thank you so much. I don't...I just know that I can't repay you for this."
"That's good, because I wouldn't let you. Now everyone can see you the way that I see you."
She smiles and nods.
"Tell me when you're ready. I'm going to touch you up a bit, okay?"
"Okay. Maybe you can make me as beautiful as you are."
"Oh, that's a bit much," I say as Rui hands me the makeup kit. "God's handiwork is not so easily copied by mortals."
"You can give it a try."
"I can, yes. If you're satisfied with that much, I am too." I smile and lean forward to start my work. Her eyes close for a while before opening slowly, staring into mine. We look at each other for a long while, passing inarticulate thoughts back and forth. And with each moment, those old feelings return. The ones that I was so unsure of before are becoming more and more certain.
"I meant what I said...the first time we met."
"What was it?" I ask.
"You're really, really gorgeous."
"..." There's a strange bubble of cynicism again. "What is it about me? What makes you want to flirt with such a rotten bitch?"
"A lot of people would say that love doesn't need a reason, or any good reason. But my thoughts aren't that simple, and never have been. It's more than that. You reached into my heart and gave me another reason to live. And then another. And then one more. It kept going like that."
"I...see."
"It's the truth, even if it's not the most convenient one. You know...like you would say."
"It sounds like that, yes." I finish my work in silence, and Fio finally can get up from her chair. She has a beautiful glow all over, makeup blending perfectly with her pale skin. There's nothing that I saw fit to hide, no matter what anyone might say.
The other girls fawn over Fio after her transformation, and we all end up talking for a few hours about things that have been happening in the resort - the usual spicy sort of gossip. Aya has slipped out and gotten us something to eat, and we nibble on a few things while talking. As a few more customers come in, Fio and I give the girls our farewells and leave the salon. Rui gets her pay and a little bonus as always, while the twins get their own little gift from me.
Fio and I get ourselves some food before starting to head back to the hotel. The shopping area is quieter than before as we pass through it, lights starting to flicker on as the day settles into evening. Fio's hair shines in my vision as she smiles, looking so much lighter on her feet than before.
I observe her a bit longer before speaking. "You did say that you wanted to talk about something earlier."
"I did." She stops just ahead of me and turns around. There's a calm in the air as we look at each other. "You've made me so happy and so beautiful in the past few weeks. Was all of that...in the name of friendship?"
"That was very much the plan, yes."
"That's interesting to hear. Making something so...delicious, and then passing on eating it up. You don't seem like that kind of person, Lili. An artisan in her own way, but not a chef. More like a food lover."
"Hmph. You have a sharp tongue, you know that?" I say as I put a hand on my hip.
"Yep."
"I don't mind it. It's good to taste the knife's edge sometimes."
"You have beautiful ways of saying things, Lili."
"Thank you."
"More than anything else, I wanted to thank you for doing all of this for me. For giving me life. For giving me energy. For giving me love, and courage, and beauty." Her hands come to rest over her heart. "For making me feel like I'm a human being again. Like a woman."
"You're still young, Fio."
"So are you. We both are, but we've matured this way all the same. Even if it weren't the case...my innocence was torn away. I died a few hundred times."
"I'm sorry, Fio."
"I know. Thank you for your sympathy as well, Lili." She rubs one of her arms. "I wanted something from you, but...even if it is important, it might be too much, too soon."
"What is it?" I ask curiously.
"As I am now, even if you reassure me...I don't think I'm good enough for you. I don't think that I'm ready to be with you, even if I think I am and want to be...I don't know how much sense that makes. I just want to know that you won't disappear, that you won't be a single shining moment in my life that will be left as just a memory. I don't want you to be a fleeting dream, I just...want to be there for you and with you, because you're not just a good person, you're good to me, and always have been good to me, and I don't want to think that it's just something that happened because you were my friend."
"..."
"I want to believe there's more than that, and that...you feel the same way as me. And I'm scared because you've done all of this for me, and I know that you're not asking for anything, but I want to give you something back, I want you to know that you're appreciated for all of this and more, and I don't want to pressure you, but at the same time, at the exact same time, I really...I don't know..."
I sigh. "You talk too much. You're complicated, you know that?"
She blinks before giving me a smirk. "You're annoying."
"Yes, of course I am. I'm not sure why you expected any less."
"It's a heartfelt moment, you know. I'm showing myself to you in full, giving you all that I have, and here you are being your incredibly bitchy self again. Come on," she says while throwing her hands up.
"I don't know what you were expecting."
"A little humility, maybe?"
"You know I'm not good at that sort of thing."
"God, you're the worst," she says with a big smile. I can't help but smile back. When did all of this become so much fun? When was it that I became so comfortable with her? I haven't been thinking about it, it just...happened. Even as much as I question myself, as I question if I should be here in front of her, like this...I'm getting closer and closer all the time. And I just know...I know that...
I can see her walking closer, but it feels like I can't move for some reason. I can feel my breaths shortening. These nerves have been creeping up on me, and now I can't do anything but let them take over. Fio takes my hand and presses it against her warm, soft cheek. I can see a glow in her eyes that wasn't there before.
I want to tell her that she might be making a mistake.
"I know in my heart that I'll always...think the best of you, Lili. Even if you think there's something wrong with all of that," she says gently. "I'm scared, too. Scared that this might be clinging to you because you were the first person that was nice to me. But you weren't. I've known kindness from strangers before. But you're not just kind to me. And you're the furthest thing from a stranger."
"I...Fio..."
I can feel her hand pressed against mine. She's blushing brightly.
"I love you."
The words come from her mouth, and everything stops. It's only her warmth that I can feel in this moment. I can't think properly.
"Ah...yes." It's a clumsy, awkward response. But I can't find words. I can feel tears running down my cheeks as I stare into her. "I...I don't know..."
"I love you," she says again. The tears keep flowing, and they won't stop. I feel like something inside of me has come loose. I can't handle these emotions properly, nothing...makes sense at all. But I know that this is right. That this is a blessed, beautiful thing.
"I love you, Lili. I love you so much."
"I love you, Fio." The words are pure and sweet. And they come from my heart.
"Will you make me your wife?"
"I...want to. But I'm not ready...I'm not there yet," I stammer out. "I might come across someone, I might not be the same person tomorrow..."
"It doesn't matter how pure you think you might be," she says. "I'll wait for you. It doesn't matter how long. I don't want there to be anyone else, but I also know that you have your own things to work through."
"Yes."
"You're wonderful. You're beautiful. I know that I don't deserve to be with someone as amazing as you, but I don't care what the world thinks I'm worthy of anymore. Please don't call yourself such terrible things. Don't say you're a rotten bitch unworthy of love. You're not."
"I am."
"You're not."
"Fine. Whatever, it's...sorry."
"It's okay."
"Thank you...thank you."
I don't know what to call this yet. It's a relationship of some sort...I don't think I can call her my girlfriend, or my wife, or anything like that. But she's also more than just a friend. She's not like a sister, it's more intimate than that. But she's also not my lover.
Calling her just Fio isn't enough. I feel like it's the case. Maybe...I can wait for that to settle some more before giving it a definitive name. Knowing and understanding her feelings is enough for now. I'm still young. In so many ways, just a girl who is strange and awkward, and can't handle people very well. These little quirks and insecurities that I can skilfully keep hidden away most of the time surface so quickly when I'm close to someone. I feel so vulnerable, but it's in a way that...kind of like, I think. I can't be a hunter all of the time. I'm realizing that more and more now.
I slowly get a hold of myself again and stop my crying. Fio waits for me, patiently. I take her hand in mine and we walk back to the hotel, into our room where we lie together in bed, side by side.
It's a long time. We are very quiet, and very still. And it's very peaceful.
"I want you to stay with me for a long time."
Fio's voice breaks the silence.
"But you said you had things to do at home. I think you should go before it gets too dark."
"I should," I say quietly. As I let go of her hand, I'm already craving her warmth again. I get up from the bed and start to walk to the door. My hand rests on the doorknob. "Fio."
"Lili."
"Love yourself. Always love yourself."
"Like you love me?"
"No. Better than that."
"You have to promise me that you'll do the same."
"I will. I will do more than try. I promise I will."
"I'll dream of you."
"And I will dream of you. This won't be...the last, you know."
"I know."
"Where will you go?"
"Many places...maybe home."
"That's good."
"I'll keep growing, like you want me to. I'll become strong again."
"I know you will. Send me mail, cards, anything. Anything you want. I'll accept all of it."
"I'm sorry for being so aggressive."
"Don't be. I love that side of you. It's what opened my eyes to how beautiful you are."
"I'll see you soon, Lili."
"Yes. Until the next, Fio."
I turn the handle and find myself outside the hotel room. I'm alone again. The cool sensation slowly turns back into warmth, and I am myself once more.
The stars begin to decorate the skies as I step outside. Today is the first day of the rest of my life.
What I need to do is...
"..."
I part my lips and speak her name into the wind. Immediately, I find myself smiling, filled with warmth and happiness.
I am...at the end of a journey. One that was over before it ever truly began.


Chapter 84
Scarlet Justice - ep. 84"Moonlight"[Venerate, Part 1]
It's approaching the end of the year. Tonight's mission is taking place in secret, since that man has made contact while I was gone. A journey of great importance to the Hokage, and perhaps myself by the end of it all. We will have to see.
Winter brings a rush of cold to Fire Country. Snow falls lightly onto the tops of houses, forming thin sheets of white. It lands on the streets and pathways before quickly melting, leaving them damp as people move to and fro in the village. I leave Luna to her rest and get ready for my little date. The long black wool sweater I bought months earlier will do today, since it reaches all the way down to my thighs and will keep me warm enough. I match it with leggings and thick leg warmers in the same colour, along with a sturdy red scarf so that I can hide my identity a bit if I need to.
"This will work," I say with a nod. I secure my armband and put on a light bit of makeup, then slip on my gloves. One last look in the mirror to make sure everything is set. I do believe that I'm ready. After pulling on my sandals, I use the window to leave quietly and seal it from the outside. There's a certain danger here that makes me want to keep Luna out of the loop, at least for now. As reliable as she is, it would be bad for her to be caught up in whatever trouble might come. I will be taking heightened precautions as well. That is why my next destination is the Hokage's Office.
I approach and drop to the ground, seeing that there is already someone outside. The young woman makes a few handseals before pressing her hands together, holding them there for a few seconds. Imari Hyuuga, my handpicked secretary for the Hokage. She's completed her on-boarding and from what I hear has been doing very well for herself. Today she's wearing an outfit that Tamaki suggested for winter: a flowing skirt that hugs the body, and a knitted green sweater with leaf-shaped decorations on the sleeves. It's very lovely, and of course Tamaki has a matching set.
"Open, please."
"Aaa~" Imari presses her finger on the underside of my tongue and finishes quickly. This is a contingency for anything unexpected or unpleasant that might happen. Necessary since I'm dealing with 'that man', as he's known.
"Thank you."
"You look cute," I say to her. She blushes and keeps her head down.
"It was senpai's idea."
"Very cute. Super cute."
"Go on and get out of here," she stammers, flustered. "Teasing me already...but remember. Come back to us safely. Okay?"
"Okay, I will. Good morning, Imari."
"Good morning, Lili." Her smile is beautiful and refreshing. I can tell that Tamaki is teaching her well and making her happy.
I leave the village in silence and end up heading west, towards the place that Naruto once mentioned. The very same one where they ended up encountering Tsunade, known as Tanzaku Quarter. It's in this place that I am supposed to encounter that man. But all I know right now is that he would be inside the town, not where he would be or in what sort of state. Apparently, that is all up to me to figure out. It's still within those very early hours as I make my way into the town itself, and because this is a place known for its enticing beverages and women among other things, it doesn't ever go to sleep. People are still roaming the streets in sizable numbers.
"..."
It would be annoying if it were anyone else. But since he's keeping contact with the Leaf like this...I can oblige him just a little this time. The simple ways work the best in times like these, and I have a good idea of what I would like to do.
After spending some time getting a good feel of the town itself, I enter the next shop that I see and head for the bathroom. If I'm going to be doing some investigating here, I will certainly need to do a little bit of work on myself before stepping outside again. I clean the light layers of makeup I have on my face and carefully reapply it to get a certain look. My hair goes up into a high ponytail, specifically to leave the back of my neck visible - that will help with the level of authenticity that I want. The person looking back at me in the mirror is a youthful-looking woman of indeterminate age. That will do very nicely.
I feel satisfied enough, so I put away my kit and leave the bathroom. There's a small pearl necklace I take from the front of the shop, and earrings beside it that I snatch up along with thin gold bracelets. Leaving the shop, I quickly put on my accessories and check myself briefly with my small compact mirror. One more small thing, I think. Instead of looking too neat, I make sure that some of my hair is loose. Yes, perfect. Now, I have to see if I have everything correct.
"An establishment...that one there, perhaps."
I casually walk over to the nearby drinking establishment with a large man guarding the front entrance. I place my scarf around my neck as I approach and look up at him calmly.
"Step right in, ma'am. Ninja get a discount on drinks here, just so you know."
"Many thanks, sir. A safe night to you."
"Thank you." He pushes open the door and I stroll inside. Well, now that I'm in, I can't leave too quickly. And I could get away with a drink as I am...but there's no point in doing that. I have to stay sharp, and I don't know what alcohol would do to my body anyways. My first drink, if it happens, should be at home in the company of loved ones.
Most important right now, though...my little disguise seems to be a smashing success. Now all I have to do is come up with a good name for this version of myself. My time in the pub amounts to about an hour or so, nursing a non-alcoholic drink slowly and resisting advances by male strangers. A little more confirmation that my transformation is good. Some might say a little too good if I'm decidedly a petite older woman in their eyes. I leave and wander through other types of establishments for a while before scouting out a hotel and checking in.
Time slips into morning proper, and the quarter takes on a more wholesome appearance with food and entertainment for all ages. Parents come around with their children and street vendors make their pitches as the roads begin to fill up with people from all walks of life. By now, there should be many more places in operation than earlier. The refined ones especially insist on keeping to standard business hours. What I want now is...a place that would cross a major artery or two of the town.
"Hm..."
The disguise continues to hold up well, with people reflexively calling me 'miss' or 'madam' as I encounter them. I do periodic checks with my compact and keep my eyes focused on locating anyone who happens to match the description of my contact. I doubt he would make it so easy, but it never hurts to check and double-check. In my search, I reach one of the town squares and find a place that looks decidedly elite. A tea house, if I'm not mistaken. I walk inside and note the atmosphere: not bustling, but definitely active. A good place for gossip and the like.
But of course, cutting to the chase would be good as well.
"May I help you?" a voice asks gently from ahead of me. I scan the area before my eyes come to rest on the woman approaching. Soft temperament, glossy black hair, neat attire that reminds me of an office lady. She has a small flower attached to the pocket on her right. There's definitely a mature feeling coming from her.
"Yes, you may. Is it possible for me to speak to the sister who runs this place?"
"Oh, my. And what would give you the impression that the owner is a woman?"
"Well, it's all very refined here," I answer confidently. "There's a certain charm that a man wouldn't be able to capture, no matter how hard he tried. Elements of form and function all coming together so nicely like this. Beautiful, don't you think?"
"I would say so, yes." She's very interested in me now. "Is your business urgent, madam?"
"Not at all. I can wait as long as needed." I casually brush away a strand of hair near my face. "If it's not too much to ask, are you busy at the moment?"
"I am not."
"Then I would like some company as I wait."
"Yes, of course. As you wish," she says with a smile. I watch as she waves over a younger woman and makes an order for tea. We move over to one of the luxurious seating arrangements and sit next to each other. She's a bit guarded as I expected, but I manage to work my way into her good graces fairly quickly. Talking about her few encounters with the nightlife, good places to shop while in town, and a little bit about the pressure she feels from family for not having children yet, even if she is still young. After we get through a cup of tea each, another woman approaches and whispers something to my host. She excuses herself politely, and I remain seated as I wait.
"I'm very sorry to keep you waiting."
"It's not a problem at all," I say to the new person. A woman in a long white dress that comes close to sweeping the floor steps closer, heels sounding against the floor. She takes her place next to me and tosses back her dark blue hair dramatically.
"That's good to hear. What might I help you with today?"
"I would like some help in acquiring information," I say politely. "If you would be so kind."
She subtly looks me over before smiling. "What kind of information is it, if I may ask?"
"It's just a bit volatile," I say as I take a sip of tea from my cup. "That type."
"Mm, I see. You're from the Leaf, aren't you? Is this an investigation?"
"Not of your place, if that's what you're asking," I say as I set down my cup again. "That's why I called for the beautiful sister of this fine establishment, to clear up any misunderstandings."
"You're very careful."
"I try to be. And of course, your time is valuable. How much would you like for your services?" I ask.
"The usual rate is fine. But..."
"But...?"
"Well...I had the feeling that you would be the adventurous type. At least a little bit."
"Have you noticed something?"
"I have...perhaps," she says with a soft smile. "There's a bit more to why you came to this sort of place, right?"
"What can I do for you?"
"I have some knots, and I think a good pair of hands would help me along."
"Ah, I see. That much is easily done. A straight trade, then?"
"You could consider a donation on top of it," she says playfully.
"Then you're in luck. I'm a philanthropist at heart," I quip back.
"Follow me, then. Will I...truly be of help?" she asks.
"You really will be," I assure her.
She gives me a bright smile. "Thank you. I'm relieved to hear it." I watch her stand and then follow her to the back of the shop. A long hallway leads down to a spacious office, and she closes the door behind me as I step inside. There are small amounts of paper in neat piles on the big desk near the back of the room, and everything looks neat and tidy. But the small signs of wear on furniture and equipment, the faint smell of ink, the pens in various places around the room...there is certainly a lot of work that goes on here daily.
"Ah, it's been a while."
"Really. Why not call a professional?" I ask. The owner sits on her luxurious looking long chair, situated on one side of the room next to her bookshelf and a table with snack boxes on it.
"Truthfully, I enjoy a bit of intimacy. More casual affairs, you know. Those professional types are far too cold and mechanical for my liking. And those other places...the atmosphere swings too far in the other direction. Among other issues I might have."
"I see."
"The shoulders will be fine enough, if you could. I suppose the neck as well..."
"Not a problem. Relax and let me take care of you."
"Thank you so much for doing this." She turns her back to me and swings her hair to the front.
"My pleasure." I slip off my gloves and pull down the zipper at her back slightly. My fingers press lightly into her fair skin to start, and then I very slowly start to work. I can see that she's taken good care of her body, but it's as she said earlier...she has quite a few knots, with tension all over her.
"Stress at home," I muse out loud.
"Yes. My husband hasn't been happy lately, and it's making my daughter anxious. Things...cascade like that sometimes. Unfortunate." She lets out a satisfied sigh as I work. "That's very nice. Did you learn this in school?"
"Self-study, actually. I wanted to improve myself for various types of outings. The idea of utility appealed to me, and in the past while it's come in handy."
"I see. Studious and mature...and single, I'm guessing?"
"Mm, for now. It might be because I like to play around too much."
"I see. You have nimble hands. And an interest in teasing girls."
"Oh, my. You read me well."
"Stop, you. Leaving so many invitations was an opening. I suppose this is part of your teasing as well."
"Who knows? I certainly don't."
She looks back at me over her shoulder and smiles, a sky blue eye shining with amusement. "What did you want to know from me?"
"I enjoy juicy gossip."
"Is that all? You didn't have to go this far if that was all you wanted."
"Perhaps not," I say as I smile back at her. "But...I had a feeling it would be more fun this way."
"I figured that would be the case." She lets out a breath as I start to work gently on her neck area. "I was right about you, then. You're definitely the adventurous type. Let's see...from the beginning of this month should be fine, yes?"
"That should be perfect."
She seems pleased enough with my efforts, so I continue working diligently. I listen to her talk about the goings on within Tanzaku, interjecting with questions and comments when I think I need to do so. In the meantime, I'm getting a clear view of her personality...she really likes company, especially if it's attractive looking people. Yours truly being included, of course. She has a husband as mentioned, and he reminds me a lot of my father. Working all of the time to the point of neglecting his family. Her daughter is spoiled as a result of this tension, getting gifts and money in exchange for affection, but she has ended up a well-meaning and kind child, someone who tries her best for others even if she looks very pushy while doing so.
There's mention of a stranger and his odd transactions. Not necessarily the purchases themselves, but the quantities of them and the locations where he stops off. The descriptions of him are fairly shallow, but I have a feeling that this is the person I'm looking for.
"I'm feeling much better. Thank you for this."
"You're very welcome," I say as I zip up her dress properly.
"Let's rest a while before going back." She lets her head fall onto my lap. "This is okay, right?"
"Of course," I say with a smile.
"I was just thinking about how you look so youthful. You could pass for a much younger woman, you know."
"Mm. It might be like that sometimes. All I really do is try my best every day."
"It's not any trouble, is it?"
"Not terribly so. You do get the occasional comments and mistakes, but it comes with the territory. That's what happens when you don't get tall enough."
"I suppose that's the case."
"..." I look down and study her face for a moment. "You really should leave that man. He's going to give you unsightly wrinkles and knot up your muscles until you die. That's if he doesn't give you a heart attack from stress first."
"I've...been considering it."
"How long?"
"Maybe three years or so. It will hurt my daughter. She loves us both and thinks we'll be together forever. So naive. However...you speak with such authority that I can't see the negatives to making my move."
"This and that have happened to me before. And things that are far worse," I say as I remember my own mother.
"I don't want my daughter to hate me."
"I know."
"But I also want to be a little selfish this time as well. It's not that I've been taking this lightly. I suppose that it makes sense now. I'll take the first step." Her eyes focus in on me. "I want to move forward."
"If you believe in yourself, everything will be fine. I will make that promise to you." I gently pat her head and she smiles.
"What might I call you?"
"Carrie," I say confidently.
"My name is Shouko."
"It's a cute name."
"Yours is too. Thank you...I can start tonight by revealing my feelings to that man, and moving away from him. Have I helped you enough?"
"Greatly. I know what I need to do next, thanks to your helpful observations."
"Just in case...there's a small cafe in the eastern end of town, directly across from the fruit market on the closest main road. That should be a very good spot to gather extra information. If it's a person, they could also be there."
"I see. Thank you again."
"Will you be on your way now, Carrie?"
"Yes. There is much to do, Shouko-nee."
She laughs lightly. "Is this teasing, too?"
"Just a little bit," I say with a smile.
"Let's make our way out." She lifts her head from my lap and escorts me from the office. There are a few other ladies waiting ahead, and they have their curious gazes fixed on me as I walk past. We stop near the front entrance, and I hand Shouko the promised envelope.
"Thank you very much for your service. Please take care, big sister."
"It was more than a pleasure," she says with a tender smile. "Good morning, Carrie."
"Good morning, Shouko."
I bow at the waist for her and leave silently. The cool afternoon air kisses my skin and I relax a bit more as I walk.
"I underestimated myself just a little. And mature women are definitely a treat. Hmhm."
I make my way to the place Shouko mentioned in order to pick up more clues before the day is out. It's also possible that he's lurking there in the open. We can see if that is indeed the case.
A few more hours pass, and I spend the time casually reading while drinking tea. Nothing has happened or seems to be happening at the moment. Not unusual for missions like this, really. It's approaching evening, so I think I should go back to my hotel and turn in.
"Excuse me. I couldn't help but notice that a woman like you was sitting alone."
There's a strange man with obviously dyed blonde hair at the side of my table. I say nothing and he decides to seat himself across from me.
"I've been meaning to approach you for a while now."
I should probably go to the bathroom. There's been quite a bit of tea drinking. I also caught a few women gossiping about some attractive man from out of town as they passed, and they seem like they're still in the bathroom right now. Perhaps that person has a following like Sasuke does in the Leaf...
"You know, I've never seen a mature woman like you before."
This guy is still talking. My charms in this disguise have yet to fade, it seems. Which is good for the most part. Do I want to do anything about this harassment? No, not really. It's a shame that he doesn't seem useful either.
"I wish you well on your love quest, but I'll be in the ladies' room," I say as I get up.
"Ah, wait-"
I ignore the idiot and start on my way. The bathroom is indeed occupied by the women from earlier who are currently crowded around the sink. I flip the lid of the western-style toilet and roll down my leggings neatly.
"It has been quite a day," I mumble to myself. Making sure everything is in order, I pull up my leggings again and press the handle firmly to flush.
"He's definitely out there."
"Yeah, but why that place?"
"The sweets are really good. But it's expensive...you know, VIP stuff."
"Ooh, rich people then. Makes sense. Someone that hot has to be loaded!"
"You think? He looks so...I dunno, humble in a way."
I wash my hands in the sink next to them and pull out my makeup kit as I look in the mirror. A quick touch-up never hurt anyone. "You might want to watch out for that blonde guy. He was at my table just now," I say out loud.
"Oh, that prick," one of the women says as she puts on pink lipstick. "He's always in here chasing skirts. And he won't take no for an answer, especially if you have the mature look, or whatever he says. Asshole."
"Ah. That means I was on his list the moment I walked in."
"Oh, definitely. I'm sure the lech was drooling puddles as soon as he spotted you," another woman says as she goes over her lashes.
"Do you mind if I ask what you were talking about earlier?"
"This super hot guy who's been hanging around town the past while. Tall, dark hair, and there's just something about the way he looks...makes you tingle a bit down there, you know?"
"Mm. Sounds intriguing."
"Right? He's been going to a little shop in the north end, one of those very exclusive places. No price tags on anything, hidden menus, the works. Long as you have the cash, you're welcome inside," a third woman says as she applies blush to her cheeks.
"Is that so..." I apply a bit of gloss to my lips and purse them gently. "Well. I've got some cash to burn. Maybe I should check him out for myself."
"Aren't we bold? You know, even if you get rejected in the end, it's worth it. He's got one of those nice, deep voices that rumble through you so beautifully. Oh, he's a snack from head to toe."
"Now that sounds exciting. You think he'll be there tomorrow?"
"I'm sure of it," the first woman says. "He seems like a regular, which is why we're assuming he's got money. Maybe he's waiting for someone?"
"Maybe." I allow myself a small smile. Well, I know that he's waiting for me in the end. This is all but direct confirmation of my target, and so soon too. I really do wonder what's in store...Sasuke's older brother.
It will be problematic if I want to kill him on sight as well. When we get to that bridge, as people say.
"I'll have a go at him tomorrow morning," I say as I fix my hair.
"Good luck to you, then!"
"Yeah, good luck!"
"I bet he's a tough one to crack, but if you get his number that's a win."
I'll guess that there are much darker secrets than that, but the encouragement is very much appreciated. "I'll do my best, then. Take care, ladies."
I stroll out of the bathroom and roll my neck from side to side. I've been up since early morning and I need to feel my best for tomorrow's meeting. Time to find my bed.
"..."
The loser from earlier is bothering someone else now. I leave my payment and a generous tip at my table, then quietly approach him from behind as he's pressuring an uncomfortable woman while sitting at her table.
"Hey."
"Huh?"
I lean towards him and whisper into his ear. "You have no charm, you know. If you keep harassing girls like this, I promise that I will make you regret it. Leave."
"..." He stumbles out of his chair and exits the establishment.
"Thank you so much," the young woman says with a grateful smile.
I nod and give her a wink before leaving. Pretty faces should be cherished and protected. It's only right.


Chapter 85
Scarlet Justice - ep. 85"Eclipse"[Venerate, Part 2]
Morning again. And it's cool enough outside that there's snow falling from the sky.
"Mm. Looks like a nice day for tea."
I stretch before getting out of bed. It's time to get ready for the day, and to do some extra investigation before I set out for my meeting. Breakfast will be ready downstairs, and there's a proper dining hall in this hotel...so it's to my advantage this time. I take on my appearance from yesterday, going a bit lighter on the makeup and removing the earrings from the equation for now.
A few hours are devoted to chatting with the women that catch my interest. In bits and pieces, I learn a bit more about my target. The locations he heads to, the times he's present here and there...this is information that would frankly be difficult to pick out if not for my willingness to look out for all of this as much as I could. I suppose he planned for this much, knowing that someone from the Leaf with the necessary information would be arriving. Hiding in plain sight and leaving the most controlled clues in safe locations. Clever...I can see why he was admired so much as a shinobi.
As afternoon comes, I retreat back to my room and decide on what I'm going to do about today's look once I leave. A light bit of experimentation gives me something to work with. Lipstick in blossom pink, makeup kept light, and hair in a rounded, messy bun. A few wavy strands of hair will be at the front to properly frame my face. And I want to sell my look just a bit more, so I've purchased a white skirt that stops at my ankles. My warmers are still visible for that extra bit of trendy mid-life energy. I'll definitely memorize this and keep it in mind for future undercover missions as 'Carrie'.
Evening soon arrives, and I check myself one last time before stepping out, handbag slung over my shoulder. I pull my scarf around my neck before clearing the hotel entrance, with snow continuing to fall lightly. The pleasant and soft crunch of snow reaches my ears as I walk through Tanzaku.
I reach the northern part of town. It's much quieter than the other sections, especially now with the day just beginning to wind down. But visibly, there's a striking contrast as well. The shops are spaced further apart, and the streets are twice as wide compared to further downtown. The gaming establishments, bars, and other entertainment parlours aren't as obvious as everywhere else. In some ways, it's very nearly like another world here. Very refined, some would say strangely so. And commoners are scarce to top it all off. Most of the people that I've passed by have looked to be in the upper classes, even if they're not loudly showing off their wealth.
"..."
It seems that I've reached my destination. A small sweets shop with stained glass windows. As I open the door and step inside, I see that seating is limited. The floors are well cared for, made traditionally out of strong wood. There are three tables, all made of glass. I can smell the various scents of tea leaves, and get a whiff of the treats in the kitchen. Heavenly, all of it.
"Welcome."
It's a gentle voice that calls to me from behind the counter. I see a woman with her dark hair tied up in much the same way as mine, with very fair skin. She wears a silk kimono with soft, wintery colours.
"Thank you. Good evening," I say to her.
"Good evening. How may I serve you today?"
"I would like gyokuro, if you would be so kind."
The woman smiles and nods, looking pleased with my choice. "Please, allow me to prepare a pot for you. Take the time to relax while waiting."
"Thank you." I bow to her politely and choose an empty chair to sit in. They're certainly luxurious looking, with high backs and thick legs that firmly grip the floor. The seat itself is soft and quite comfortable...it seems that no expense has been spared when it comes to this place. From the back to the arm rests...very nice. I could sleep right away and fly off into my dreams.
"It's no wonder everything is so high-priced," I say to myself quietly. "Certainly well worth it."
My hostess, who I surmise is also the owner of this establishment, brings me a small tray of treats to sample.
"Would you like anything else, madam?"
"Yes. Some manjuu and a plate of dango," I reply. She bows to acknowledge me and leaves silently. I close my eyes in the meantime and occupy myself with happy thoughts. Not necessarily wholesome ones, but good and happy nonetheless. Combined with the soft feeling of the chair, it's very relaxing. Mm. I should look into getting something like this for the apartment. Luna and Midori would like it.
The sound of the door opening and a hint of cold air interrupts my thoughts. I can hear the measured steps taken by the other person, and a cursory taste of the air tells me that this person is also a shinobi.
"Welcome, sir."
"Good evening."
My eyes slowly open at the sound of the male voice. It has a deep, rich tone. Intriguing in a way that I can't quite put my finger on. I turn my head to the counter and see that there is indeed a man there, wearing a dark sweater and pants. There's a book in his right hand as he stands at the counter.
"I'm having gyokuro today," I announce. He nods without turning.
"I see. Green tea would be nice in this weather. Should I order us sweets to go along with it?"
"I've taken care of that already. But I appreciate your thoughtfulness."
"As expected. It seems that I've run into someone quite clever this time."
He leaves his place at the counter and takes the seat directly across from me, setting his book down on the table. The face that I once studied back in the Leaf preparing for this outing is now staring back at me. The long and neat hair that is tied back, leaving him with a low ponytail. Dark eyes, accompanied by deep lines on the face. A very calm and collected expression, stoic and giving nothing away. I don't quite see the intense attractiveness that was spoken of so often. Perhaps my love of the female form above others explains it.
So. This is 'that man'. Itachi Uchiha. The prodigy of a fallen clan. A traitor to his family and to his village. Sasuke's brother, the man he swore on his life to kill.
"..." He studies me for a moment before seeming to relax. "I was surprised for a moment."
"Oh? And why is that?"
"I didn't expect someone so young to embrace the old styles so readily."
"I see."
"It takes a lot of effort to pull off a disguise in that manner. There is the option of transformation. Easier, more convenient, safer overall in most situations. But it's not as organic and can lead to its own share of problems if used incorrectly."
"That much is true," I reply. Our hostess sets down the ordered sweets along with the teapot and two ceramic tea bowls. She bows again and disappears. I pour Itachi's tea first and set the bowl in front of him, then pour my own. "So you're not upset they sent a girl to see you."
"It wouldn't be without reason, even if I somehow felt slighted by the decision. Sarutobi likes to do things in order. But I know enough about you to understand that I'm not being disrespected in any sense. Lilith Kobayashi, if I'm correct."
"Yes. But it's Carrie in public right now," I say before taking a sip of tea. Ah, remarkable. A wonderful flavour...the owner has impeccable skill.
"I see." Itachi sips at his tea and nods. "Very good. Did you know about this shop before?"
"There was gossip, mainly about you. But you knew that much."
"Hm."
He doesn't ask me the expected questions right away. It's more than just being cautious, he seems to be waiting for an opening of some kind. It's as Hiruzen mentioned to me. A reserved and non-confrontational type of person. There are a few things I mean to ask, but he's the one who sent for me. The polite thing is to see what it is that he wants.
It's quiet with only the three of us in this shop, the owner in the kitchen taking care of our treats. Peaceful. There's no tension to speak of and the lighting make everything look and feel comfortable. I glance across the table to see that Itachi is relaxing more, settling in his chair as he drinks his tea.
"..."
It makes me wonder. I feel...a slight pain in my heart. Along with everything I've heard, I can see the man in front of me right now. He really does seem gentle and understanding. I know what happened, I know what it was he did, but...what exactly would push a person like this down such a dark path?
"I suppose we should start our conference," he says.
"Yes. I suppose so." I make sure to keep my focus, even with these feelings swirling about. Being a bit firm with him seems to be the best option. I don't want to let him slide away so easily, but I also don't want to be confrontational for no good reason.
It's a while before either of us speak again.
"What do you know?" he asks.
I take a breath in and start to recite everything that I've learned relevant to him. The massacre of the Uchiha. The continued involvement with the village from afar. Sasuke's mission to kill him in the future. The mercenary organization that calls itself Akatsuki.
"I see. Yes, all of that is accurate. I put an end to the Uchiha Clan." He hesitates a moment.
"..."
"But it was not alone."
"That's an important bit of information, I think. But I'm sure that you will elaborate on this at the appropriate time."
"Yes. The objective was to protect the Leaf. An internal conflict such as a coup would invite disaster on the village."
"So everything was for the Leaf. Or is that the story you hold to after so long?"
"..."
"Your very last request was to have Sasuke protected. If I may be so bold, I believe that your pacifism and your desire to protect ended up at odds, fuelled further by an environment that held up use of force as both the cause of and solution to life's conflicts. More than anything, Sasuke was your most important person."
"That much is true."
"So your reappearance was to make sure that the village and Sasuke were safe. Orochimaru is defeated and Danzo is still at bay. For now, at least. There's another objective in play, I can only assume," I say as I sip my tea.
"Somewhat. As you already know by now, I am currently a member of Akatsuki. Orochimaru was also in the group at one point, but was forced out after we had a minor confrontation."
"I'm sure," I reply in a dry tone, setting down my bowl. "So you brand yourself mercenaries in this group, yes?"
"That and more. To be truthful, my persona is being reinforced with this stint in Akatsuki. I am observing the group from within. Their objective at this time is slowly being refocused to the gathering of the tailed beasts."
A crack appears in the bowl in front of me. Itachi pauses and regards me with a curious look.
"It was something I said."
"Quite," I reply calmly. I shove down the heat in my chest and compose myself before speaking. "If you're observing the Leaf...that means you're after a particular target."
"The Nine-Tailed Fox. I understand that the current host is Naruto Uzumaki."
Another crack splits out from the previous one in the bowl. Our hostess appears and silently takes it away, presumably to replace it. Itachi again looks at me with curiosity.
"Your reaction to this news is well-noted. If I might ask...what is that child to you?"
"He is someone that I love dearly, without restraint," I reply.
"I see." He sips from his bowl slowly and takes another moment to gather his thoughts. "The group has not yet moved on these particular plans. It will take some time before we actively begin our hunt for the tailed beasts, collecting them from their hosts."
"And that time...how far away is it?"
"A few years from now at the least. Between three and five. Our financial and social bases have not yet solidified." Another deliberate pause. "The Hokage...Sarutobi. He will be training Sasuke in the future, from what I now know."
"Does that fall outside of your calculations?"
"Somewhat. But...it's almost for the best."
"But you want to repent for your sins. Isn't that why you groomed your little brother to lust for power?"
"Yes. But it's also because I..."
"Value him more than life itself," I finish for him. "You desired peace and struggled with finding it in such a cruel world. But Sasuke, he was even more important than that. He was more important that the village. More important than the entire world. Many would call that a foolish, twisted kind of love. But it is love nonetheless."
"..."
"You've called me out here, but you have had little reason to tell me these things in particular. You could have easily left it as simple business." I pause as our hostess delivers a new bowl for me, and nod gratefully to her. She sets down a wooden tray with our ordered sweets from earlier before leaving us alone once more. "You must see something in me. Is this part of the conversation for Sasuke's sake, or do you have more that you want?"
"It depends. What is your intention when it comes to Sasuke?" he asks.
"It is not merely my will that drives the current relationship we have. I follow Naruto, who calls Sasuke a brother."
There's a brief flicker in his expression. "Brother..."
"Yes. It was he that begged me to bring Sasuke home after he betrayed the village, in an attempt to complete his life's goal of avenging the Uchiha Clan. Of course you know that I succeeded."
"Yes."
"I cannot say for sure what I will do without guidance, but at the least...I would not hastily try to serve him the pain that was served to me."
"By that...what do you mean?"
"He has tried to kill me twice."
Itachi closes his eyes. "I see. And you still persist."
"Yes. I persist."
He opens his eyes to look at me. "If there is anything that I can do for you..."
"What I want is out of your grasp," I say firmly.
He nods. "I understand."
"Do you...I wonder." I grab hold of a sweet and bite into it, chewing slowly while I look at Itachi.
So...things that I know now. Akatsuki is a group that will eventually start chasing the tailed beasts and their hosts, including Naruto. Sasuke is set to receive training from the Hokage, and offer he is unlikely to turn down. This will as a result keep him occupied and within the confines of the village until a certain time.
It's becoming very clear right now that Itachi wants far more from me than a simple conversation. Just what does he want me to commit to? Maybe...at this stage, I can be a bit more passive and trusting. He's been far from hostile. In fact, it seems like my initial assessment of him was correct...he's not a bad person.
I watch him tap a finger lightly on the table. He's thinking deeply on something, certainly.
"I mean to place a burden on you."
"Oh? How bold of you. The one who killed his family and tormented his younger brother to the brink of insanity, asking a heavy favour of me. Do you know who it is you are speaking to?" I ask haughtily.
"Yes. The woman who has overcome fate itself, and brought ruin to men who thought themselves as gods. It is because I know of your strength that I ask for your benevolence."
I run a hand through my hair and try to hide my blushing. "I see. Well then, proceed."
"Thank you."
"Does this request involve Sasuke, by chance?"
"No."
I nod and sip my tea before answering. "Very well. Then I will hear whatever requests that you might have of me."
"Rather shrewd of you, Carrie."
I toss another haughty look his way, and he smiles in response.
"The world is undergoing change and upheaval. It's possible that it might all be for the worse. Akatsuki is a part of this, but...there is something else. Something far worse than just that organization. And that is why I ask this of you, who has already delivered the will of heaven into mortal hands."
"..."
"Madara Uchiha...lives."
My eyes widen. "Hold a moment. That...isn't possible. Madara Uchiha is long-"
"He was the one who helped me carry that grim task out."
So that was what he meant. "That man is still alive? Are you sure?"
"Yes, somehow. Now you see what I meant earlier. He wears a mask to hide his face, but his knowledge of everything was so detailed and intimate that I can only take him at his word. Perhaps by dark arts, or some jutsu that has never been heard of...but I know that it is Madara. It has to be him."
"And you want me to...deal with that."
"I want your help, more than anything. More than that...I have a desperate dream. I want to ask you to help facilitate peace."
I frown. "That much is impossible. I am not that type of person. This body of mine is meant to devour and destroy. Nothing more. I am no saviour."
"I realize it."
I look into his eyes and start to understand. "Ah. A pacifist through and through. You mean to use me as your sword, then. Is that it? Hmph."
"If it is possible. It may make me seem weak in your eyes."
"That is not a failing. Stop your foolishness, Itachi."
"You are much kinder than you let on, Carrie."
"Yes, yes. I have been told that in the past. I'm not sure I can believe that, even now," I say to him honestly. "However, the elimination of Akatsuki is a mutual goal, it seems. Madara has ties to this organization as well?"
"I have suspected as much."
"Mm. I'll have to crush them if they come after the village, especially if they approach Naruto. And I'll kill you too if you get near him for that sick plan."
"I understand."
"Be sure that you do. As for Sasuke...you still intend to continue with that absurd plan to have him avenge the Uchiha?"
"..."
I shrug and cross one leg over the other. "Do as you please. But I make no promises that he will survive if he crosses me again. Doubly so as far as Erika is concerned. Be careful with further handling of him, if you have plans to that end."
"Right."
"So, to summarize everything...you want me to hunt down and eliminate Akatsuki at some point, stop Madara from enacting whatever plan he has for the world at large, continue to protect the Leaf, and finally help create peace across this world of ours. Is all of that correct?"
"Yes. It seems to be so."
"You've asked a lot of me, you know."
"I have work to do on my end as well. But having one more reliable person on the outside, especially someone so capable...it would mean a lot."
"Mm." He's being very honest. There's the question of how I'm going to go about all of this, but I have the essence of it. That should do for now.
"I also sense that you are contemplating on what to do about Danzo Shimura and his organization ROOT," Itachi says.
"Possibly."
"The best you can do is let him come to you, then strike when the time is right. Thanks to your influence on Sarutobi, that time will come sooner rather than later. Taking action on your own will not end well for anyone, even if you managed to kill him and physically dismantle his organization."
"The shadows are dangerous, then."
"Yes."
"I thank you for your concern, Itachi."
"Carrie...or should I say Lilith at this time. The following years will be among the most important for the development of the village and the world."
I cross my arms and give him my full attention.
"This world of ours is held up by ever thinning strings. These strings have names like 'policy', 'diplomacy', 'military doctrine', and so on. What you see in front of you, this peace that the world clings to like it has for decades since Hashirama's ascent...it is in many ways an illusion. Shinobi are asked to do horrible, impossible things to maintain this false sense of order, the flimsy tolerance that currently exists between the world's guardians, called the Five Shinobi Powers. The choices we make, along with the things we do..."
"...they are essential to progress and the status quo. So that we might never go back to a time before this," I finish. "Things like having to choose between your beloved family and the village that you were born in, that you come to love so dearly. Choosing between comrades and mission that you swore never to run from. Between your life and that of a precious friends. Between the children you have loved and raised, and your own future."
"Yes. You understand, then."
"I understand, and have understood for a long while now. That is why I loathe humanity so much, Itachi."
"That I understand as well."
"But you do not share those sentiments," I say to him.
"No."
"You are strong."
"Am I?"
"Yes," I say sincerely. "You have come such a long way, and yet you hold to that ideal. You are a beautiful soul."
"This world as it is...it cannot last in the current state, nor should it."
"Then what do you propose? How do we achieve peace in this world of ours?" I ask.
"I do not truly know. All I can tell you is that...it will begin with understanding. Connecting with each other in some way."
"..." I see. My mind brings me back to that conversation with Naruto, from so long ago. I remember it well.
"I wanna change the shinobi world one day. I don't know how I'm gonna do it, but I will. And maybe...maybe people like Zabuza and Haku don't have to be bad guys anymore."
"Do you think...it were possible to reach someone's heart, to feel what they felt...would something like that bring us closer to peace?" I ask.
"I think so, yes."
"So it's possible. Perhaps one day soon. Maybe not in our lifetimes...but one day."
"Even if you loathe humanity?"
"Yes. Even then. Because even I have people that I want to protect."
"We...have similarities in that respect."
"Yes. I can see that much."
We quietly finish our tea together before getting up. The hostess puts the rest of the sweets into two bags, and I pay the fixed amount for everything together.
"Thank you for your generosity. May the heavens favour you, and your journeys be successful," she says to us.
"Thank you. Please live well. Good evening," I reply.
"Good evening," Itachi says.
"Good evening to you both. And farewell," she says with a smile. I will make sure to come back here one day as well. This is a very good shop, for many reasons.
We step outside to see the snow falling lightly. I hand Itachi one of the sweet bags and he takes it from me.
"I heard that you had a sweet tooth."
"Something like that. Thank you for your generosity once more."
"Think little of it. You know, if it were another time and place, I might have courted someone like you. A fine bloodline and good looks to match. Shame about you being a criminal."
He chuckles at that. It feels like a rare moment, seeming him so amused.
"You really are an interesting woman."
"Surely. But my tastes are far away from men like you. They are more aligned with those of the female persuasion."
"I figured. There was talk of a woman with red hair charming the local ladies."
"News spreads quickly, I see. Well, it only makes sense. This is me we're talking about."
"It's little wonder that Sarutobi has changed. I was right to petition you for guidance."
"..." I look up at him. "Itachi."
"Yes?"
"I...really do like you. To someone on the outside, looking in at us, it would be outrageous. We have only just met, and your hands have been stained with blood from before my arrival. Surely this intimacy is not enough to erase those layers, yet it has come to pass. I see a person. I see someone that I want to care about and care for. And because of that, I wish that we could have met in another time as comrades, two people who loved and cared for the Leaf while living each day among its branches."
"Please take care of Sasuke as best you can. Even if it's indirectly."
"I will try."
"Thank you for the company, and more than that, for hearing me out."
"I...I'm sorry. I'm sorry that you had to go through all of this," I say suddenly.
"Lilith-"
"Please. Lili. It's Lili."
"Lili."
"I only wish that I had been born sooner, to see that sort of tragedy undone."
"It's alright. I chose this path, after all."
"Did you?"
"Yes. In the end, I could have chosen to stand by the Uchiha, and disappeared into the sea of blood along with them. But I did not. This...it was ultimately my choice. Giving Sasuke the life he has now, uniting with Madara...all of it is my fault. I cannot run from that truth, Lili."
As much as I want to protest, I cannot open my mouth. He is right, in the most depressing sort of way. He could have let it all go. But...something like that...
I find myself quietly grieving what could have been. Perhaps what should have been.
"Can you come closer?" I ask.
He blinks before doing so, coming closer to my level. "What is it?"
I am spurred within myself. I raise my head upwards and kiss him gently on the cheek.
"..."
He pulls away and looks at me, searching for reason.
"You are more than what the people have called you. Thank you for your sacrifice, Itachi Uchiha."
Finally, he nods in acknowledgement, giving me a small smile.
"Good evening," I say to him.
"Good evening, Lili." He turns his back to me and walks away. I watch him go a while before pulling my scarf tight and walking back towards the hotel. I make it to my room, enter the bathroom and wash the makeup from my skin. My hand reaches up to loosen my hair from its bun, and it falls down onto my shoulders.
There is an overwhelming feeling of sadness.
I place my hands onto the sides of the sink and let out a breath, heavy and long. And...the feeling slowly starts to flow out of me. It forms tears that fall from my eyes, dripping slowly into the sink and flowing downwards.
"Save...the world."
It hurts...to think about.
"Save...this world. You ask too much. You ask too much of a world that...did all of this to you. Even now, in your heart...Itachi."
Because it hurts, I will nestle this pain into my heart. I will etch the warmth I felt from him into my memories. I will never forget the truth of this world.
If not for his sake, then...for my own.
It is in the morning that I bid Tanzaku Quarter farewell. Soon enough, I will return. There is much to do. It might always be the case. For many reasons, it is a place to be remembered.
The snow is starting to fall harder than before. It is a sign that winter has arrived in earnest. I store my items and leave town in the exact appearance I entered it - a young kunoichi visiting from the Hidden Leaf.
"If you believe in me so strongly...if you would call on me as your sword of justice as well..."
I speak into the wind as I make my way through the trees, back towards my home.
"Then, if the heavens permit it...I can change your fate as well. The world would say otherwise, but you...are also worth fighting for."
I smile to myself.
"Something for the next time we meet, then..."


Chapter 86
Scarlet Justice - ep. 86"Due North"[Fleeting Dreams, Part 1]
It's been about two weeks since my trip to Tanzaku Quarter. My focus has shifted to developing more useful techniques for fighting and for general use, though these will mostly see use against high level opponents as it is. The long range ability of Mobius allows me to eliminate most enemies before they can react to me, and at times an easy and boring mission is to everyone's benefit. A few of the top-level missions that I have been assigned were taken care of this way.
Messenga has also been improved with extra effort. Still difficult to use and puts a terrible strain on the body, but it's far more manageable than before. Always good to be prepared for the worst situations.
Today is a warm and clear day. The previous waves of snow have melted, and for a moment in time we've traveled to the comfort of an autumn morning. Hina and I take the opportunity to go on a short trip, running towards the edge of Fire Country and back again for our exercise. She's grown brilliantly since the first time we did this together, and now we can run together at an even pace for as long as we need to.
"It's really been too long, Lili."
"It has been, yes." The forest is quiet aside from the distant sounds of animals and our breathing. I pull the zipper on my light jacket down a bit to get some more air. "You didn't invite Shino along?"
"I did, just to be sure. He wasn't going to come, so I knew it would be just the two of us. It would be nice if he did show up, though."
"Mm. It would be."
"Speaking of us...well, I wonder if you heard the news."
"I haven't. What might be going on?"
"Oh, that means I get to tell you myself," Hina says with a smile. "I'm happy."
"Now I'm definitely curious. What's going on?" I ask.
"The Hokage has made a recommendation. I'm getting my promotion to chuunin soon."
"Oh! That's wonderful to hear, Hina. Congratulations!"
"Thank you. Please continue to watch over me, senpai."
"Without a doubt. I'm very proud of you...it should have been done a while ago as far as I'm concerned, but I can't complain now that it's over with. I am very much looking forward to our continued success."
"I am too. I really do feel great about it. And of course, Father is proud of me too. Hanabi and Brother Neji are going to take me out later in the week to celebrate. You should have seen her, she was beside herself with happiness." Hina sighs happily. "So much has changed for the better."
"You more than deserve it."
"Are we being modest again?" she asks.
"We might be. Who can say for certain?"
"Hm. I suppose I'll leave it at that. For now at least."
"Much appreciated," I say. We continue our run along one of the mountain roads, looking across the way at the natural beauty that remains preserved in this part of the world. Mom did have a great fondness for nature over the so-called developed world, and it's in times like these that I can see why.
"Is Fio well?" I hear Hina ask.
"She is. She seems cheerful enough, anyways. I can never truly tell with her, especially when it comes to letters and postcards and the like. Phone calls are easier when it comes to that."
"Really, now."
"Mostly, she's an annoying brat who runs her mouth too much."
"Ah. So you really do love her."
"Oh, definitely. She's a very sweet girl, you know. I'm blessed to have met her."
"At last. You know the joy of pursuing and being pursued in this world of ours."
"It seems you've become a woman in spirit as well, Hina. I'm proud of you for that as well."
"That sounds like a compliment."
"Only sounds?"
"You're a strange sort of woman yourself, you know."
I stick my tongue out at her. "At the least, cherish your youth. While you still can, at least."
She looks at the path ahead thoughtfully. "Yes. Though eventually, I will have to let go. No matter how bittersweet it might be."
"What brings this on?" I ask.
"There's Guy-sensei to consider."
I reflect on that man for a moment and nod. "Mm. Youth should be shed gracefully."
"Yes."
"Gracefully..."
"Yes."
"Spandex...it's impossible. Especially for women."
"Gross."
"Yes. Age gracefully with me, Hina."
"I promise. Lili?"
"Yes, my love."
We look at each other again. "You're strikingly beautiful. I realize that more and more now."
"Do you?"
"Yes. I understand why people are so drawn in by you. Not just for lewd or lustful reasons, though I suppose that helps."
"Ah. That's sweet of you to say. You're beautiful too, you know. You always have been."
"Is that so?"
"It is so," I reply with sincerity. "Even as shy as you used to be, you stood out among the other girls. I know they were jealous of you on some level."
"It makes me feel warm to hear. You really are my best friend...someone I will always admire with all I have. I love you, Lili."
"I love you, Hina."
We share a smile before continuing on, at a slightly faster pace. Our feet take us through the trees and across the rivers and hills until they part for us, and we stop at a cliff's edge overlooking the vast and churning ocean waters. The sun is shining high in the sky, rays of light piercing the clouds and giving the world ahead of us a lovely glow.
It really is a magnificent sight to come to.
"Marvelous," I say with a smile. "Nature's wonders truly never cease."
"I've never said it before but...things like this are my second favourite reason to run with you."
"Ah, and what might your most favourite reason be?" I ask Hina.
"You, of course."
"You shouldn't say things like that. I'll tease you horribly afterwards."
I hear her giggle beside me.
"Lili?"
"Yes?"
"I...there's something I want to say. You might find it strange, and..."
"I'm here to listen to anything you have to say. You know that," I say as I turn to her. The sun's light is wrapped around her, making her glow like someone who stepped right out of the clouds themselves.
"If...you're sure. Then I have something...a plea that I want you to hear."
"Yes."
"I can see so many things as I look at you," she says, tears falling from her eyes. "How beautiful and lovely you are, and more than that. I...can see that you're beyond us. Beyond someone like me. Please...when you do move forward, when you truly start to rise higher than ever before, please...don't come back to this side."
"..." I realize what she's asking. But it's...hard, something like that.
"Please. Promise me."
"Hina, if I..."
"I don't care about that. I know what it means. But I also know that you are no longer just a human in this world. You're no longer like us. Like me."
I am reminded of Itachi's words. How he chose to venerate me as we met on that snowy day, and asked me to slice apart the flow of progress into oblivion. Dramatic things like that. It only makes sense that someone so close to my heart would see the same things.
"I won't leave you," I say.
"I know. You would never do something so cruel. We will always be together."
"Then...I promise, Hina. Once I reach that place, I promise that I will not become human again."
She smiles and wipes away her tears. "Thank you, Lili. I love you."
"Yes...I love you, too."
"I'm sorry for getting so emotional all of a sudden, but this is the first time that we could be so close recently...I could see how much you've changed since meeting 'that person'."
"Ah. Yes."
"What...was he like? Can you tell me?"
I walk closer and take her hand in mine. "His eyes are just like Naruto's."
She stares at me a moment before slowly closing her eyes. A hand goes over her heart, and she smiles once more. "Yes. I see now."
"There are many stories of people beyond us who...continued to feel for those nearby. Mom told me that even the Christ wept for those he loved."
"That only makes sense. Your personhood doesn't just disappear."
"Mm."
"Our next mission will be a difficult one. Kurenai said as much. You have experience in those, don't you?"
"A few S-Ranks so far, at the least. Maybe five or so?" I muse.
"You're losing track already?"
I shrug. "They're supposed to be more troublesome and memorable as a result, but high speed assassination is easy with that jutsu. Are we set to do one of those?"
"It's transport and security."
"Interesting. Well...let's head back home, shall we?"
"Yes." We both start our running again, at the same even pace from before. It feels a bit warmer now.
"Speaking of fated things and the like...have you and Naruto gotten anywhere yet?" I ask.
"Hm...it's complicated to say, I think. But I know that he's not as dense as he seems. So I can say that we're progressing nicely. I can't be upset at the pace, since just being that close...well, it almost feels like reward enough, even if I know better."
"I see..."
"There's still the issue of Sakura, I think."
"Oh. Will you take care of it, then?"
"No. There's no need to...I believe in my future husband," she says confidently.
I smirk. "You see? You're growing up too fast for your own good."
She says nothing and smiles back. We continue our run together peacefully.
It's now deep into winter. Productive time passes, more jutsu in my toolkit are refined for battle, and personal matters are mostly sorted. Christmas will be arriving quite soon. Though I don't really have anything in the way of plans. Midori and Luna say that we should simply eat and drink heartily at home. That sounds fine enough.
The Hidden Leaf is currently covered in a thin layer of snow. Everyone is walking around with jackets and scarves, a few hideous sweaters also establish themselves this season. Though it seems to be unusually cold, even for this time of year.
"O~i."
"What? What is it?" Kurenai says while glaring at me. "It's too cold for this."
Tonight is when the details of that difficult mission Kurenai mentioned have been released to us. We've met at the usual spot on our training field, and the rush meant that our sensei has come a bit under-dressed for the current climate.
"So why are we here in particular? I said that I would pay for us to go to a tea house."
"I can't go around getting treated by a kid all the time," Kurenai says while shivering.
"Yes, I suppose that would ruin your cool big sister image. My apologies for that," I say insincerely.
"Shut up. You're always bullying me."
"I wasn't even trying to that time. It seems to have become subconscious...curious, that."
She grumbles as Shino and Hina arrive.
"Sensei, you should have worn more layers. That jacket isn't enough for this weather," Hina points out.
"I was only planning to be out here for a few minutes. Blame yourselves..."
"Don't worry about her too much," I say. "As soon as we finish, some skinship with Asuma should-"
"I'll kill you. I'll murder you in cold blood, woman," she growls at me.
"It seems that sensei really is freezing. Perhaps we should spare her the torture...physically, at least," Shino says.
"Ah? What a good child you are, Shino," I say with a smirk. "Well, let's get down to business."
"Yeah, fine. Here's the important information," Kurenai says as she rubs her hands together. "We're guarding a shipment of parts and equipment to a small village in Frost Country. They've gone on a run to various, obviously classified locations and the Hidden Frost made arrangements for the team to detour through Fire Country and pick up a few escorts. Apparently several merchants and important authority figures have been attacked and killed along the only route to said village, where the parts need to go. They're paying a handsome sum for the mission classification, which is listed externally as A-Rank and internally as an S-Rank. There will be six of us going in total. This group is naturally included already, so we'll need two more people."
"What kind of cargo is this?" Shino asks.
"No clue. But it's clearly something worth dying and killing for, and something that from what I've heard will make the Frost Country a major economic power. That's all we really know right now."
"Do we know anything about the attackers?" Hina asks.
"No. The Hidden Frost is withholding that information, too. We've just been asked to escort and defend, then get out of there as soon as possible. It's...honestly pretty shady, all things told."
"Which is why we were asked to take it," I follow up.
"What do you mean by that, Boss?"
"We're the top tracking and reconnaissance squad in the village," I say to Shino. "We have all kinds of tools that would allow us to sense danger from afar, a proven track record, and two elites ready to go as is with strong synergy."
"The Hokage didn't say all that, but he didn't need to," Kurenai says. "Which also means that we might be asked to abort or even sabotage the mission if it's relevant to our interests. We'll be doing some investigating as the mission progresses."
"It also might be in the interests of our country's elite."
Kurenai gives me a nod at that. "We leave tonight at midnight. Make sure to dress warm, this is nothing compared to the average up in Frost. And clear your minds to prepare yourselves, anything can happen out there. Lili, I'm leaving the final personnel selection to you."
"Understood. We'll see you in a few hours, Kurenai."
"Yeah. See you in a bit. I'm gonna get inside, it's so goddamn cold...!"
There are those two stops to make. Several people to choose from for a mission of this type, surely. But thinking about who would be best for something like this...it's certainly classed as a high-level mission, but with six people we don't need the absolute highest level of skill in every position. Not to mention that we don't know exactly what we're up against in the first place.
"..."
Well, alright. Let's hope that Tsume doesn't get too upset with me.
I head over to the Inuzukas' part of the village and make my presence known. Tsume's place comes into view and Kuromaru is outside of the front door to meet me.
"I see that our little snake has returned."
"She has." I smile and rub behind his ear gently. "I'm here on business, actually. Is Hana home?"
"She is. I'll go and fetch her for you. Please, come inside for now."
"Thank you. Is Tsume home?" I ask as I step in.
"Currently on a mission. She should be back later this morning."
"Mm. I was hoping to get her approval, but we're a bit pressed for time ourselves. There's an important event that I would like help for."
"I see. A moment, then."
"Yes." I wait for a minute or two on the mat before hearing steps come down the stairs. Hana appears behind Kuromaru, wearing a light sweater on account of the evening chill.
"Hey, Lili. Heard you had something you wanted to talk about."
"Yes. I was wondering if you could come with us on a mission. It's at midnight, going out to Frost Country. Team Eight is assigned to it with two more people as backup, and I thought of you. Top-class medical skill and great tracking ability is what we need."
"Wow. I'm flattered, really. Yeah, I'm definitely free. The boys should be good to go, too."
"Excellent. We'll be meeting at the main gates. Be sure to dress warm, the weather is apparently quite frightening over there."
"Got it. I guess Kuromaru can tell Mom the good news when she gets back," she says with a smile. "Though if she does pitch a fit, Kiba will get the worst of it..."
"I will be sure to inform Tsume of what has happened," Kuromaru says.
"Good. Then I will see you in a few hours, Hana."
"Yep. See you soon, Lili."
I nod and make my way out, towards my second stop. With medicine and an extra nose shored up, we could do well on stocking more firepower. Naruto...hm. While it would be a great experience for him, lack of experience might be an issue here as well. And given that many people have been killed attempting this mission already...I really shouldn't risk it here. There will be other opportunities to have him tag along on specialty missions similar to this.
"Not everyone is available, either. Which is unfortunate...I would have taken Kakashi with me if that were the case. Well, I know exactly who I want for this one, so I'll make a call before it gets too late."
I find a phone on the street and stick a coin into it.
"Good evening, operator. Please connect me to the Hokage's Office. Kobayashi, 012599."
"Yes, ma'am. Connecting."
I bid my empty home farewell for the time being. Luna has gone back to our old home to help Emi with a few things, mainly personnel changes and restructuring. She wants to clean up the estate in many ways. Luna is also going to tend to Midori's place up the road and advise on any adjustments that will need to be made there. It's going to be a busy time, but nothing she can't handle easily. It is Luna, after all.
Paperwork is quickly completed for our two associates on the mission, and I deliver the documents into Imari's hands directly. She and Tamaki are already working hard, and I haven't seen much of them as a result. But they're productive and happy in their new roles, which is all I could ask for. Imari wishes me well with her refreshing smile, and I feel ready to take on anything as a result.
Arriving at the meeting point, my comrades looks as I expected they would. Hina, Shino, and Hana have the same type of wear: a white cloak and scarf matched with thicker than normal gloves to help with the cold. They're sturdy and flexible enough to handle combat and channel chakra if needed. Kurenai has a heavy jacket on with the same symbols as the standard flak jacket and sweater, that of a long destroyed village that was closely tied with the Hidden Leaf. It's disputed among some whether the proper name was that of 'eddies' or 'whirlpools'. Most go with the latter these days.
"Uzumaki, then..." Right. That only made sense. But if his blood is from there, then...hm. I'll have to look into that later. As for myself, I have to look chic in these times. The fur jacket that I bought last winter will come in handy here, styled in hot pink along with a very cute pair of earmuffs in the same colour. Naturally, I had earpieces and microphones installed for missions. And of course, a pair of pants with several extra pockets for tools. If what I remember is correct, we'll be travelling to an area that's out of the way. Preparation as always is key.
"It seems that everyone is present and accounted for," I say as I note the last member. Naturally, he's being his silly self and wearing one of those hideous sweaters underneath his flak jacket with a scarf around his neck. His head is fitted with a wool hat over the usual bandana with his forehead protector on it. And yes, the senbon that is perpetually in his mouth every time that I encounter him.
"Glad to be aboard, Princess."
"You really are too much," I say to Genma. He chuckles and gives me a mock salute.
"Alright, enough banter. Line up so that we can do equipment checks. Come on, hurry up," Kurenai says. She's annoyed and I feign ignorance as she glares at me. Looks like she's not too amused with being co-leader, but her pride prevents her from letting me take point on my own. Naturally.
Everything is done quickly and our group is re-briefed on the mission and its goals. At the end, we come up with two suggestions on how to proceed: either heading to the first rendezvous point thirty minutes north, or waiting until the group arrives on their own near the gates. Both options would seem the same at first to the layman. Option one reinforces trust, however slightly. Option two is more cautious, and helps us figure out what they're thinking.
"I think we should take the initiative and head out to meet them. We don't want to look too suspicious to them, even if we are shinobi," Kurenai says.
"Makes sense," Genma says. "Probably a bunch of normies if this whole parts run is any indication. Though if this stuff is as heavy duty as they claim, I gotta wonder how they're moving it in a timely fashion."
"Seems we'll find out soon. I have no objections," I say. Everyone else agrees and we start on our way out of the village at midnight. Our final destination is a ways from the Hidden Frost itself, so it will take about four to five days at the least, mostly because of the difficult terrain we will have to travel through once we end up in the country. Formation is loose and variable until we reach the first checkpoint, a little under the half hour we planned for. But it's another twenty minutes before something arrives.
Stopping in front of us is a machine that looks a lot like a carriage. It has a bulky front, no horse attached, and four big, thick rubber wheels.
"Huh. Weird smell," Hana says. "Faintly sweet, somehow...?"
"An automobile, eh..."
"You know what it is?" Kurenai asks me.
"Yes. They're prevalent overseas, very much so. Some even have luxuries inside. You can chill bottles of wine and silly things like that. Many of them have their own aircon."
"Ah...that sounds nice."
"You can warm your behind with heated seats in the more advanced ones, too."
"Mm...I'd like a warm butt. Sounds really nice in this weather."
"You'd think that the boyfriend would have that taken c-"
"Do not," Kurenai says as she turns to make a face at Genma. "Listen, I already have enough to deal with here. My bones are frozen and my co-leader already bullies me endlessly."
"I mean, he's not wrong," I say.
"You see? I don't do enough to deserve this kind of torture."
"They're coming outside," Hina says.
Three people step out of the doors and stand side by side in front of us. We all exchange bows, including the Haimarus that have joined Hana today. Two of them are obvious nerds in puffy jackets, and the last one is a gal. That's what we call them, anyways.
The plain-looking nerd with flat black hair and glasses is called Takato. He's full of himself because he has a lot of framed pieces of paper on his bedroom wall. His field is biochemistry and something else. I don't really care. The other nerd looks slightly more interesting and has long brown hair. His name is Moyasu. He's pretty effeminate and arrogant in his own way, like an RPG villain. But he's more manageable than the other one. His field is natural energies and generation of such. The last, and clearly most appealing member is Inaba, who is known as Ittan. Her shoulder-length hair is bleached blonde with red tips, and she has piercings on her ears along with some jewels and accessories on her arms. Notably, her nails are short and filed while remaining colourful. Her chest isn't massive, but it does have presence with her blouse teasingly open. She wears a short skirt with fancy leg warmers. This is the group's mechanical expert, and the one who maintains the functions of the autonomous carriage.
"Black lace, huh."
"Oi. Make sure your hands are where we can see them for the duration of the trip," Kurenai says to me.
I use my visible hands to give her two thumbs up as I look at Ittan.
"The worst," she mutters.
Genma chuckles heartily at that.
The automobile here is big enough to hold all of us easily and then some, truly a mechanical beast in many ways. The seats are comfortable, and we can rest upright and even sleep without issue. There aren't any safety belts, but I suppose those are further down on the list of priorities for what looks to be a new sort of product. Takato rambles on about the machine and its greatness, but my only concern is that the project was funded by the Frost Country government and the Hidden Frost Village, and that this machine was sent out specifically for this escort mission. It would have never seen the light of day otherwise, apparently. The mission related parts and other equipment are inside, stored safely and securely. Takato and Moyasu know what's inside and refuse to tell. Inaba is completely in the dark.
Bothersome. They're clearly hiding a whole lot.
Since Inaba is the most familiar with the automobile and the most experienced with driving, it's decided that she will take a longer shift of ten hours on the road. She apparently doesn't bore easily. Takato will take seven and Moyasu seven as well. All our team is meant to do until we reach the Frost Country southern border is sit inside and keep watch. It sounds boring. It really might be.
By the time we exchange information, listen to the civilian bitching about Hana's companions, and get ourselves organized properly, it's 2 am. We finally get into the carriage and Takato takes the first driving shift, which everyone seems to be thankful for. Nobody joins him up front in the passenger seat, so he ends up yammering to himself. Inaba is daydreaming and Moyasu is reading something that looks pretentious. Shino is being Shino, of course. Hana and Hina are talking quietly, and both Genma and Kurenai have their eyes closed while relaxing. Kurenai is probably thinking of some way to get me back for bullying her earlier.
It's definitely going to be a long ride. I should review some of the things that I've learned over the past few months, to keep myself busy. Let's see.
First, what I already know. My signature technique is Mobius. There are the various type changes attached to it. The additional attack Second Barrel, then the more powerful Double Barrel, and the quick-draw blade attack Epyon. The chakra mode is present, with the second stage coming naturally. The advanced third stage is Full Boost, followed by its own 'full power' mode called Trans-Am, and then following that is the current final form called Twin Drive. I still haven't figured out the extra form that I accessed in the valley against Sasuke, but that will come with patience.
So, these are already solid types of jutsu on their own, and more than enough to crush most opponents. But my worry isn't against 'most' opponents, and even then there might be certain obstacles that can't be taken care of with normal technique usage. I want to do more than pull an adequate amount of weight, and I want to do that consistently. So what I need in these situations are 'gadgets', or 'gimmick attacks'.
These can be compared to the various types of tools that a skilled craftsman will carry on them. Unique to situations, but very effective and versatile in an experienced set of hands. These gimmick attacks or movements should be balanced by two characteristics in the world of shinobi. First, they should be things that aren't easily deciphered on a first go-around. Next, they should be able to accomplish their intended tasks within one or two uses, especially if they are attack jutsu. If it's a paralysis attack, then it should paralyze once it lands. If it's an attack that is supposed to be fatal, then it should kill the opponent right away.
The issue of course with a gimmick attack is that the more you use it, the more it becomes exposed to the point of being eventually useless because of countermeasures. So new offensive techniques should take this into account. Mobius at its core is difficult to counter, adding in natural speed and then that of the chakra mode makes it even harder to stop. But I would like a new sort of attack to help myself along against stronger and tougher rivals.
I've cycled through the possibilities. Copying something from a popular manga, maybe. Something cool and flashy, perhaps. What could there be? People have said that developing new lightning and water techniques is difficult because of how they flow, or don't flow, as elements. But I did come up with ideas in the end, ones that I rather like.
On the Sasuke mission, I had developed a new variant of Mobius that I never got to use. Coded as 'Aegis', it is the fourth of its type and draws some inspiration from Hina. It's a concussive burst attack that can paralyze an opponent at close range, or it can perform similarly to the air palm attack that the Hyuuga use at longer ranges. It's a flexible attack, not intended for strength but as a low-energy utility option. This recently led to the fifth type, coded as 'Zeta', a variable speed attack that makes use of the entire body for delivery. It's a technique that uses a burst of chakra traveling through the earth or other surfaces. It travels forward before exploding upwards at the designated point in a thin, concentrated blast that is intended to rip through the enemy. There are two styles to this: more power comes when it's delivered by the hands, and a greater speed is obtained when it's delivered by the feet.
The last technique is a supplement, and I feel quite proud of myself for coming up with it. For these purposes it's called Water Release: Sky Grasper, or 'Air Waltz'. This allows control of what would be many shinobi's weakest area, which is the sky. I very briefly manipulate water underneath my feet while in the air and as a result can 'step' through it, or redirect myself to different locations. The control needed for this technique is very high, but the amount of potential it has is truly incredible. I just have to improve the duration and then I can do...well, just about anything, I suppose.
"Maybe I can give more thought to all of this later...after some sleep."
I cross my arms and close my eyes. A few hours should do...hopefully nothing happens in that time.


Chapter 87
Scarlet Justice - ep. 87"Ides of Winter"[Fleeting Dreams, Part 2]
By the time I wake up, morning light is streaming through the windows of the automobile. We hit a rest stop to check on the machine's status, stretch our legs, and switch off drivers. Moyasu has taken the wheel and he's far more professional about it, both in terms of driving skill and keeping his mouth closed while operating. It's a welcome thing. Hina shares a few of her snacks with me as the group moves ahead again, still in the forests of Fire Country and going directly northwards. Part of the reason for this and not taking the more familiar roads is to test this machine's capabilities over different types of terrain.
Most everyone else seemed to be awake earlier, so they've gone to sleep shortly after we started our trip again. Reiko Inaba, or our friendly mechanic Ittan, is awake along with me. She seems bored at this time...although she knows less about this mission than her partners, she's definitely the most accessible. I wonder if she's heard anything useful...
It's worth a shot, I think.
"Still awake, Ittan?"
"Eh?" She turns her head from the window towards me. "Oh, Kobacchi. Yeah, I can't go back to sleep. Kinda bored looking outside already. All trees, you know."
"Mm. Spare some thoughts? I have things that I'm curious about."
"Sure~!" She carefully steps across the aisle and takes a seat across from me, leaning backwards comfortably as soon as she's settled. "So. What'd ya wanna know?"
"Let's start with the basics, if that works for you. You are the mechanical expert in charge for this escapade, yes?"
"Mm-hm~! That's right, I'm in charge of the parts, equipment, and maintenance for this big boy here. Nice, yeah? Although it's nothing compared to the machines they've got out west."
"They are quite advanced, yes."
"Yeah, yeah~. All the racing machines and sports vehicles. Really fast, and gorgeous too! I get tingles remembering how the engines sound," she says with a smile. "So this isn't much in comparison, but I cherish the opportunity. It's great getting to do this yourself, starting from scratch. A lot of people don't believe it, but I put this thing's engine together by myself! I did all the designs and research, assembled and tested it...I woulda machined all the components myself too, haha! But that would have taken a bit too much time, and the whole project wasn't doing well at one point. Either way, I'm proud. It runs nice and smooth, just like I dreamed!"
"That's very impressive, and you should be proud of yourself."
"Thanks~!"
"So you're a genius and a racing otaku, I see."
"Eh~. Kobacchi, so mean. You didn't have to put it like that," she pouts playfully. "But, if you gotta put a name to it...yeah, I'm a little obsessed. Also between you and me, I like being a race queen and wearing those outfits. You know, the ones that fit close? They're exciting to play in."
"I see. So you're into teasing boys, too. You really are a woman of many talents."
"Nyahaha! Do you kick it off with everyone like this?"
"Just people I like."
"So flattering~! If I had to guess, from how stylish and cute you look, combined with that sharp tongue...Kobacchi is a hard S, then?"
"You're not wrong, for now at least," I say with a shrug. "Who knows. I might develop a taste for punishment later on."
"Spicy."
"Aside from all of the mechanical stuff, do you know what else you're responsible for on this mission?" I ask.
"I just know that I have to keep things running smoothly so that we get to our destination on time. Otherwise? Nothing, really." Ittan makes a writing motion on her thigh that I catch. I silently hand her a small scroll with a pen - it seems that she was thinking the same thing I was, that the carriage might have audio bugs. "They've kept me in the dark for a while now. I really do wonder what we're carrying such a long way. Eh. It's a good guess that part of the reason I got dragged onto this mission was as bait, or a decoy or something. You know, because I dress like this," she says with a gesture to herself. "I've been a gal since middle school, you know."
"It was because you were lonely."
"Yeah. A person interested in mechanics and similar stuff isn't very popular, especially if it's a girl. You know how nerdy guys get...either they're worried that you're a fraud, or that you'll turn into some kind of succubus that tears the group apart from the inside. Can't win for trying. So I got the idea to try out this image, just thinking I had nothing to lose. Kinda thought it would just be a quick phase...didn't turn out like that. I fell in love with it faster than I could blink! It was like, like...I took to looking like one of those sorta quiet and surly girls at first, because I was still a bit shy. But as I got more comfortable, I started to open up, and everyone accepted me more and more. I ended up playing with boys who would have never given me the time of day otherwise, I wore lots of flirty clothes, I gossiped with the other gals about life and school and making money...but I didn't replace my old life. Just added to it in the end."
"I'm glad it worked out," I say sincerely. "Sometimes it's a small change of pace that can unlock your true potential. And you did all of that because you truly enjoyed it, which is very admirable. You do look gorgeous as you are now."
"Thanks! You're really a good person, Kobacchi. Maybe a little cold on the outside looking in, though...those eyes are a bit scary from the wrong angle, eh."
"Is that so..."
"Yup! But it's not a bad thing, really. Makes you look serious and refined and junk. I like it. And I also noticed that you've overcome loneliness too, but in your own unique way. I think that's very admirable, too." She finishes writing and rolls up the scroll before tossing it to me. "Heh, I feel a bit sleepy after that talk. Gonna take that nap I wanted."
"Of course. Thank you for humouring me, Ittan."
"No worries! Anything for a pretty face~" She smiles and closes her eyes, drifting off to sleep. I roll open the scroll and start to read it.
Her handwriting is clean and neat, which is always a nice thing. The details of what she knows are simple: from information gathered in bits and pieces, the cargo is a new technology that is somehow going to make use of the abundant forest that covers the Frost Country. However, damaging rumours have been floating around. Some of the areas used for field tests of this unknown device have apparently been ruined beyond repair, unusable for an unknown period of time. Testing areas have to frequently change location, and while not explicitly linked, reports of 'rotting' or 'burned out' sections of forest in the country have increased in number since the device tests began. Ittan's conclusion is that the land is being sacrificed for the sake of this unknown technology, because it stands to make the Frost a major economic player. Rumblings are coming that it could make them more powerful in that area than the Five Shinobi Powers put together.
Something like that is truly massive. An energy revolution that will change the entire shinobi world, if it doesn't end up destroying the Earth first.
The enemies that we're supposed to be defending against have been identified as people indigenous to the Frost Country who live as isolated clans, taking from the land and tending to it in the natural order. They are proper caretakers, respectfully honouring the spirit of nature as she wraps them in her benevolent warmth. But these clans have been in decline, and for two reasons. Lower birth rates and...genocide. Pedants would call these 'assassinations', but they serve genocidal purposes all the same. The Hidden Frost has been 'taking care' of the small clans and their leaders for some time now. One clan in particular has been causing the most trouble, and were targeted for large scale ethnic cleansing years ago, which seemed to have succeeded. There is a threat from one or more unknown representatives of this clan, a sacred group called the Inugami Clan. The Inugami Clan can trace their history back to the Sage of Six Paths, and in fact walked with him in his journey across the land. Whoever this person or people might be, they are repeatedly wiping out the supply route for the newest machine, and causing a massive headache for the Frost Country government in the process.
"So...firepower and bonds, then..."
That, and liability. We of the Leaf have been sent in to cover their own behinds. There has been backlash over the handling of the clan situation, so sending in a couple of 'ignorant foreigners' to clean up the mess takes a fair bit of heat off the backs of the ruling class. What an interesting little play. The terrifying Leaf interlopers against the 'backwards tribal terrorists'. How cute.
There is a way to solve this problem, but no openings have come up yet.
"..."
Although...it is curious. From the details that Ittan has written up here, there's a slight bit of coordination in these attacks that doesn't make sense. And furthermore, what was destroyed each time has come around in a cycle. Enough to stall the project, but not enough to cripple it. Does this Inugami representative have an inside line, or...?
"I wonder."
I roll up the scroll and set it into my lap.
We're actually moving at a decent pace, with the border of Hot Water Country being ten hours away from our current location. The next rest stop is at a small restaurant with a neat, limited sort of menu. Everyone seats themselves at different tables; Hina and I sit with Shino and Ittan, Kurenai, Hana, and Genma are at another table nearby, and the two nerds are sitting well away from everyone else. Well, they would do something like that. Arrogant pricks.
"I'd like some milk, if you would," I say to the waitress. "Please bring a pitcher of it for now."
"You've got it. Anything else?"
"Nothing for now. We'll need another minute to order. Oh, actually...oolong tea would be nice if you had that, one pot."
"Okay. I'll be back in a bit to take your orders."
"Thank you."
"This is gonna be yummy! Feels like forever since we've had some hot food," Ittan says. "I'm gonna be a bad girl and get a big, juicy steak~!"
"I'll be okay with some grilled fish for now," Hina says.
"Should we try salmon today?" I ask.
"That sounds nice. Let's go with that, then."
"Good."
"Do you two always sync up your eating like this?" Ittan asks.
"Not always. Lili is a bigger eater than I am, but it's fun to try things the other likes sometimes, you know?" Hina replies.
"Yeah, I know the feeling. Some of my girlfriends order stuff for me when we go out, just to see my reactions to them. It's fun trying new things!" She turns to Shino. "What about you, big guy? Gonna try the salmon, too?"
"I have had my eye on this establishment's garden salad. Hopefully it's fresh."
"Salad, huh. You know, nothing wrong with taking it easy sometimes."
"Thank you. It seems there is accounting for good taste in this world," Shino says audibly.
"I can hear you, bug boy," Kurenai calls from her table. Hana and Genma snicker in the background.
"Knowing that your hearing is at full capacity on this mission is reassuring, sensei."
"You're just as bad as Lili, you know that?"
"Ooh, did you hear that? You've moved up in the world, Shino," I say with a laugh.
"Yes. It's very flattering to know that we're now in the same company, Boss."
"Nyahahaha! You guys are too much~!"
Due to the likely surveillance in the auto, I haven't had the chance to talk to Ittan or anyone about what I've read so far. The best time would be now, but I don't want to arouse suspicion in Takato or Moyasu. Besides, there are some gaps that I need to shore up with Ittan before I take any sort of action.
We relay our orders to the waitress as she arrives, setting down empty cups and glasses, pitchers of milk and water, and a pot of steaming hot oolong tea. She leaves for the kitchen again and I slide my chair away from the table.
"Since it's been such a long trip already, I want to touch a few things up in the bathroom. Did you ladies want to join me?"
"I'll come along~!" Ittan says.
"Alright. You two hold down the fort while we're gone. Be back in a bit."
I make a subtle hand signal to Hana as she looks over, and she nods to indicate her understanding. Ittan and I head to the bathroom, which is refreshingly clean, unlike the last stop, and stand together near the single large mirror.
"So, I wanted to ask...are you and Hina dating?"
"We're not, and she's taken already. Coincidentally, he's my childhood friend. All three of us went to the Academy and were in the same class, graduated the same year, all of that."
"Oh, sounds nice. What about Shino?"
"Single. Not entirely sure if he's actively looking."
"Mm. Makes sense. I think he'll find someone soon enough, though. People have absolutely no idea how many women love guys like that. Sharp and cool, you know?"
"I said as much to him. He thinks he's unattractive."
"Crazy. But this world can really screw with your head sometimes...ooh, mind showing me what colours you have there?"
"Sure." I fish out one of my compacts with eye shadow and hand it to her.
"Wow, nice. These are super pretty, where'd you go for these?"
"I picked it up at a little shop in Tanzaku."
"Oh, Tanzaku Quarter? A girlfriend of mine took me on a surprise trip over there...about a few months ago, near the end of summer. Really lovely place, exciting and vibrant. Ah, I like the blues here...may I?"
"Go right ahead, darling."
"Thanks much~" She carefully starts to clean the slightly faded layer of eye shadow that's already on her skin. "So I'm guessing you wanted to know some more about what's been going on?"
"If you could be so kind."
"Sure can. Just so we're clear, these are unsubstantiated rumours that may or may not be up to date."
"There's no trouble there. I happen to like gossip. It's refreshing sometimes and makes me feel like a real girl," I say with a smile.
"Pfft~ You're hilarious sometimes, Kobacchi."
"Comedic timing is everything, as a wise man once said."
"We~ll. I know a few juicy things for sure. So, just to confirm out loud...people have been speculating that it was a single member of the Inugami Clan, but evidence points to there being two members active. It's supposedly a brother and sister pair, and they're seriously strong, more than the Hidden Frost can handle with their normal squads. Some are even saying that their ANBU have been crushed, too. The Inugami have control of all the wolves in the area on top of that, so they have an incredible surveillance system at the snap of a finger."
"That's impressive," I say as I tend to my lashes.
"Right? As for the machines...the thing about them is that they steal the 'essence of life' from the land, which is likely a fancy way of saying that they suck the chakra from the earth somehow. I would guess that's what made the Inugami so pissed off. Frost has tried a bunch of half-assed negotiations with some of the clans, including the Inugami, but nothing worked. So they resorted to the large-scale violence I was talking about earlier.
"Indiscriminate slaughter."
"Yep. Also...this particular shipment is super super important for the upcoming project, because of all the scheduling and stuff it's connected to. If anything happens to these parts now..."
"I see. It's little wonder that they called us in, and made such a handsome offer."
"You saw right through it."
"Yes. We're to take the fall either way. If the mission fails, it's because we were incompetent. If it succeeds, we'll be known as the ones who hunted a sacred clan to extinction and thus will earn the ire of the masses. Possibly sparking an international incident, depending on who is involved. Mm. They really have us in a bind, here."
"You think it's possible to get those two to back down?"
I finish applying my lip gloss before answering. "Those two...from what I've been reading, they're unlikely to surrender to us especially. I doubt they would let us go even if we lopped off our fingers and offered them in apology."
"Yaa~ My fingers are way too pretty for that, Kobacchi~!"
"Ufufu...no need to worry, they're safe with me. I'll figure out some way to put an end to this, though I don't know if they'll be able to walk away alive afterwards. But...I can understand clearly why they would be this angry. Their homes and ways of life have been ruined for the selfish ambitions of human beings. Lives have been senselessly taken, over and over again. It's one thing to borrow from the forest, but to steal it away, and kill so many for the sake of selfish ambition..."
"But...if you think about it. I mean...you gotta think about how many other lives it'll save, yeah?" Ittan says. "So do you sacrifice the well-being of others for the sake of just a few? The birth rates of the indigenous clans are said to be declining, so what's the point of stopping this for them if they don't have any children? And even then, would it be enough to carry on the strength of the clan?"
"Yes, those are definitely things to be taken into consideration."
"All that said...personally, I think that this is all wrong. Even as I'm here on this mission. I love technology, I like playing around with mechanical stuff and building all sorts of cool things. It's not exactly kind to the earth, but one day we can change that if we try. As exciting as it might be to move forward, to innovate as humans...I don't want people to be wiped out for these reasons. More than that, I think that taking from the Earth without giving anything back is terrible. We need to preserve nature. It's what allows us to be here in the first place."
"You don't think that sounds a bit superficial, coming from a gal?"
She smiles at her reflection. "You have a point. It's...probably true. But..."
"You want to do something. Because on some level, inside of your heart, you really do feel for these people, and for this planet. You really and truly care."
"Yes. That's the exact feeling."
"You're a good girl, Inaba."
"Thanks. Kobacchi?"
"Yes."
She turns her head towards me. "You've seen a lot of pain in your life. I can tell from those eyes of yours, the same ones that give me chills sometimes. But in spite of that, you carry everything so elegantly within yourself. You really are strong, stronger than anyone I can think of."
"You really think so?"
"I know so. That's why I want to ask...can you...try and save those two? Even if they're called terrorists..."
"Everything in this world of shadows comes with a price. How much are you willing to pay?" I ask.
"..." She closes the compact and hands it back to me. Our fingers touch gently. "This life of mine."
"You're sure..."
"Positive. If it's enough...because I'm only human. And even if I know nothing, like every other human, I understand enough to know what sacrifice means. I know that if I stepped in between those who called themselves the envoys of heaven, I would accomplish nothing. But...my life would have the greatest meaning as a sacrifice. And so, I offer myself. For a chance to make the world right."
"I accept you and your offering, Inaba."
She smiles and nods, kissing my hand gently. "Thank you, Lady Kobayashi."
"Shall we head back?"
"Yep~!" She's already composed herself and checks the mirror one last time. "Back to my sexy self, and feeling good! Let's go!"
The food isn't half bad, and we have some fun at our table. Ittan chatters away about all sorts of automobiles, including a brand new type called 'super car' that sounds increasingly like compensation for a lack of certain physical features. In between her dramatic speeches she makes time to tease Shino a bit. I'm sure he's confused about the attention he's getting, but it's fine. A good experience to have, especially for someone who insists they're 'uncool'.
As soon as the meal ends, we start on our way - but not before I have a short, mobile conference with those from the Leaf. I rattle off the pertinent details and ask that no actions are taken at the moment, since we have yet to encounter the supposed enemy and this is information that we're supposed to have no knowledge of. The last thing we need is to be pressed at the border about potential sabotage or spying, outside of normal SOP anyways.
The next leg of our trip takes us through more back roads and rough terrain. We drive without event, reach the border checkpoint, and finally enter Hot Water Country at last: the land famous for its hot springs and fanciful tourist stops. It would be nice to rest a while and take a nice, hot bath in this weather. Mm. Just thinking about it is delicious, indeed.
"Hot springs country! I wanna take a soak!" Ittan exclaims. "Come on, we haven't had the opportunity to play that much!"
"Shut up, mechanic. We're not here to play," Moyasu says from the front. "If you want to pick up guys, do it after the mission is over."
"Wha-? I wanna play with the girls, the girls! Why'd you assume that I wanted to catch men with all of these fine ladies here, eh?" She giggles behind her hand.
"It sounds like someone's projecting," I say with a smirk.
"You should watch your mouth, shinobi dog."
"Ah? Come on, no need to be so rude. I thought you scientist types joked around all the time," I say lazily.
"Maybe this mission is a joke to you..."
"Lili's right, we should simmer down. Maybe we're getting stir crazy in here, and really should stretch our legs a bit at a spring," Genma says. "I'd be down for it, at least."
"Yeah, yeah~! A professional endorsement!"
"Are we truly in a hurry?" Shino asks.
"It's not that. We simply don't want to give the terrorists more time to plan against us. They must know that we're coming, since the routes to our destination are limited."
Not like that even matters. So there isn't an actual rush, then. Every one of us from the Leaf pass glances back and forth, all saying the same thing silently: that this feels highly suspect, somehow. Either Moyasu is stupid, which he might be since recollection of formal education is not directly related to intelligence, or he's trying to screw with us somehow. Maybe some strange combination of both A and B. Who could say for sure.
"The bishie here has a point, somewhat," I say to Ittan. "We should keep going and get this job done as quickly as possible."
"Nya, boring~. Well, okay. I know everyone has their reasons. Just make it up to me later, eh?"
I give her a wink and she giggles.


Chapter 88
Scarlet Justice - ep. 88"Children of Calamity"[Fleeting Dreams, Part 3]
"..."
The remainder of the trip has been, in a word, uneventful. We approach Frost Country and as expected, the weather gets colder and colder. Snow starts to fall until we can feel its weight against the auto carriage...and this is while we're still several hours away from the border. I've done my best to ignore it, but I can't any longer. This is getting very uncomfortable.
"You eggheads didn't check the forecast before we set off, did you?" I ask.
Moyasu responds with a weak grunt from the passenger seat. It's morning, and now we're stuck in the middle of a blizzard. The carriage isn't that well insulated. There's noise from the howling wind outside that is truly becoming monstrous, moreso by the minute. I worry that this vehicle might not hold up in the face of this storm.
"This looks like another big test, but I'm sure we'll be fine," Ittan says. "We just have to stay calm."
There's a slight rumbling as she speaks.
"Oi, Takato. Don't push too hard, okay? We just need to take it steady and into a safer area. But this ain't the best scenario. If there's too much snow piling up, it'll add weight and put stress on the engine. Sprung mass, you know. That and trying to get the tires to grip properly, the traction on those isn't the best right now. I really think we should have switched to the winter tires-"
"Then we would have been late for the rendezvous!" Moyasu yells back at her. "We can't afford mistakes like that, do you not understand? Our reputations are on the line!"
Ittan raises her hands. "Right, sorry. I'm just the idiot mechanic, after all..."
"Finally. At least you understand one thing."
"Shut the fuck up," I growl at him. "Don't you dare talk to her like she's some mutt. She knows better than you how this vehicle works, so show some respect. Know your fucking place, you effeminate little bitch."
"What did you say?"
"You heard me. Client or not, I'll stomp your balls into paste if you speak to her like that again."
"Hey, Kobacchi...it's alright."
I calm down and relax in my seat at Ittan's urging. "Fine."
"The village council will hear about this," Moyasu sneers.
"I'm sure they will." The rumbling through the carriage becomes more pronounced. Everyone is on high alert now. "What's going on...?"
"Not good. At this rate the engine will blow out. Oi, Takato! Ease up on it!" Ittan yells. "Seriously!"
"We need to get out of this storm! Do you want me to stop the damn thing?"
"I just need you to be gentle for a few minutes, we're not gonna freeze to death in here. Don't throttle it, please...!"
"I just have to-"
"No, stop! Stop it!"
The entire vehicle is rocked by what sounds like a small explosion. We come to an abrupt stop, a loud hiss coming from the front of the carriage followed by thick white smoke flowing past the passengers.
Ittan rubs at her head furiously. "Oh god oh god oh god..."
"I'm guessing that's a bad sign," Genma says.
"You fucking egghead! I told you not to throttle the engine! Goddammit all to hell, I should kick your ass! Shit!" She grabs her jacket and runs outside, everyone else following. We've cleared the worst of the blizzard, but the snow here is still ankle deep and rising.
"Shit...shit shit shit fucking dammit!"
Ittan has already flipped up the hood, standing on the front bumper as she peers inside at the engine. She's despondent, face twisted up in anger and frustration.
"It's all toast! I can't do anything with this!"
"What? Aren't you a mechanic? What use are you?" Takato yells.
"Shut the fuck up! I told you over and over not to fucking throttle it! Everything is fried inside out, you jackass! I can't fix this out here in the wilderness, in the middle of a storm! The engine is done for! It's finished, you idiot! I told you not to ride it so hard, why didn't you listen?! It was screaming at you to stop but you kept going! Fuck you!"
"We need to calm down, everyone. I know this is a difficult time, but we're also sitting targets for whoever might come by," Hana says. "In order to make it through, we'll need to work together."
"You shinobi could probably move this on your own," Moyasu suggests.
"No way in hell," Genma says, frowning. "You trying to get us all killed? Why don't you just pour some soy sauce on our heads and call over some bears, that'd be easier. We can't move this thing, protect you, and protect your cargo. Taking personnel out of play is a stupid move."
"Well, we're not that far from the border. We can request help and there must be somewhere that we can make a camp if need be. All is not lost if we can't repair the engine as the mechanic allegedly says."
"We're about seven miles out," Kurenai says. "He's right, the border is relatively close. But since we can't run and this storm is still kicking around, it's still a few hours away. By the time we make the round trip back, it'll be afternoon. And I doubt the weather is going to be cleared up by then."
"So we send one of you hardy shinobi to the border," Takato says, sniffling. "You should be useful for that much, right?"
Everyone ignores him.
"We can't do that. From what I recall, there are a few access codes that only we know as people from the Hidden Frost," Ittan says. "So if we just send the people from Leaf, we won't have the information needed to gain safe passage. That means that one of us needs to go along, no matter how long or rough the journey might be."
"I've done cross-country hiking in the past. This should be easy enough," Moyasu says. "One of the shinobi can come along with me."
"Let's go with two, just to be secure," Kurenai says.
"Very well."
"Shino? Mind coming along?"
"Yes, sensei."
"Okay. See you guys soon."
"Be well, both of you," I say. The three of them leave, and once they're out of sight I whistle into the trees. Shino appears from above and lands neatly on the snow.
"Two of you?" Takato says, confused.
"It will become apparent later," I say simply. "How goes your monitoring, friend?"
"Connection established. No issues to report."
"Well done. I saw what looked like a large tent inside of the vehicle. We will make use of it for shelter, and storage of the items crucial to the current mission. At this time, we will gather important materials and stage them in a new location."
"Who made you-"
"Hey, Matou. Shut your fat mouth and listen to the woman giving you instructions," Ittan says to Takato tersely. "You were the one pissing yourself about being on a timer earlier, so listen close and make sure you do your part this time. You got that?"
"..."
Well. That's a gal for you.
We eventually do organize and gather our things, then set up in a suitable clearing that's nearby. The tent is set up, and our civilian clients can head inside and warm up properly. Hina starts on the fire pit, while Shino and Genma scout the area. The winds have thankfully decided to die down a bit as we settle in, and snow is falling from the sky in thick flakes. Grey clouds loom overhead as we enter the first stretch of quiet for the day.
"The fire is ready," Hina says to us. "Come over and warm up."
"Ah, thank you." Hana and I do as asked and crouch close to the warm flames, spreading our fingers out. The Haimarus patiently warm themselves on the other side. "This is nice, especially after today's earlier excitement."
"Looks like it'll be a while before Kurenai and the others get back," Hana says. "That tent...it's probably big enough for about six of us."
"Only six? I figure all seven of us would be able to fit, if we get creative. I can always share a space with Ittan. She won't mind."
"Yeah...Kurenai figured you would make a suggestion like that," she says with a wry smile.
"Kurenai thinks the worst of me sometimes. Look, I'm only considering what's best for the team, and the mission."
"Would you mind telling us what 'colour' Miss Inaba has on today?" Hina asks without looking at me.
"It's pink lace," I say reflexively. I...wasn't supposed to say that out loud, was I. Oops.
The girls shake their heads.
Three more hours pass, with nothing of note happening. I while away the time by daydreaming, thinking of Fio while lying inside of the tent. She must be up to something interesting, no doubt. Takato is reading something and Ittan is on her side in one corner, silently brooding. She's still quite upset from the earlier incident, so I've decided to leave her alone to cool off for now. Hana has decided to prepare a meal for everyone with the ingredients we picked up at the last rest stop. Hina and Shino are keeping watch together, and Genma is doing perimeter patrol. His experience as the Fourth Hokage's bodyguard is a great boon to us.
There's an odd smell all of sudden...no, more like it was something faint in the background that has now exploded into the fore.
"Incense...?"
It's coming from inside the tent. But why now? Not only that...I can smell different sources. Two. Now three. Something's going on.
"Lili."
"Hana, I'm here." I rise and get outside quickly.
"The boys are getting restless. Hinata and Shino have also spotted several animals gathering nearby. Specifically...they're all wolves."
"You don't think that's natural. Glad we're all on the same page. Where's Genma?"
"I can track him coming back towards us, but slowly. He must have spotted someone or something ahead of us."
"Whoever it is, they're downwind of us. I'm getting a whiff of incense from many different places."
"Yeah, that's really weird. What do you make of it?"
"The gathering of wolves is orchestrated by a certain pair of people."
"Them...the Inugami."
"We're being targeted, obviously, but someone left a convenient trail to our location."
"Gotta deal with that first, then."
"There isn't much time. Shino hasn't reported anything, so Kurenai and the pretty boy should be safe at the least. We need to make a move...you and the boys should keep an eye on the situation and see what develops. Let's gather more information. Have Shino mark as wide an area as he can with his insects. Tell Hina to keep watch for anything that makes too sudden a movement. You'll remain on standby here with the Haimarus, and if you come across Genma, tell him to follow suit."
"Got it. Relaying orders."
Hana leaves quickly with her companions and I duck back into the tent. Takato immediately mobs me and I push him away.
"Hey! What's going on out there? We're under attack, aren't we? Someone must have screwed up!"
I ignore him and walk over to Ittan's bag, where the smell of incense is the strongest. Closing my eyes, I activate my tracking technique once more and focus. Two large chakras in the distance, within the forest. And both smell the same as this bag does right now.
Takato scrambles up and follows my gaze to the bag.
"I knew it...I knew it!" he yells. "I knew you were strange, you damned mechanic! Of course you had some kind of agenda, you traitorous whore! Tell us what you did! Who did you sell us out to-"
"Shut. Up."
"...huh?"
I turn my head to him. "I said to shut your fucking mouth, you fat sack of shit. Go sit in the corner, and don't move until you're told. If it comes down to it, I'll break your legs and tell everyone it was for your own safety. Get out of my face. Now."
He whimpers and does as he's told. I walk over to Ittan, who hasn't moved an inch since I came back inside. "Hi."
"Hi. You're...not suspecting me."
"The incense is a timed release type. That obviously means that the smell would only get stronger with the passage of time...it was planted into your bag earlier, and in a hurry. Someone like you would have a better handle on the situation. You would mix it in with your other perfumes and scents to give it a more detailed and confusing sort of pattern. That's my guess, at least."
"Hm...girls do think along those lines, don't they..."
"Yes, we do. The haphazard placement and the almost convenient timing leads me to believe that it was someone else. A man. And since the loser here wouldn't have the nerve to do something so brazen, that leaves only one other. Moyasu Noda."
"W-what?" Takato sputters. "Moyasu would never-!"
"Boss, we've got a situation."
Shino calls to me from outside. "Oi, what's happening?"
"My Insect Clone has been wiped out."
"Shit." From here, I can tell that one of the large energies has moved away with the other coming right at our group from inside the forest. The wolves have increased in number and are slowly sealing all of our exit routes. "It seems that we've started. Throwing us to the wolves, quite literally. They haven't attacked because...they want something from us. I just wonder what it could be."
Kurenai. Now we're cut off from her...I really hope that she's safe.
"Kobacchi...sorry. If I had done better..."
"None of this is your fault," I say to Ittan. "Listen, we'll take care of this. Stay inside and rest."
"No...that's not what I'm meant to do right now. There's something that...only I can take care of. I feel it in my heart."
"..." There is something there, ever so faintly. If this is what she wants, then all I can do is protect her. "Show me, then. I trust you."
"Thanks." She rolls over and gets to her feet, following me out of the tent with Takato. The large chakra is approaching at a slower rate, and I signal my comrades to fall back towards my position. I stand with Ittan directly behind me, Genma moving to cover her left. Shino guards right while Hana and Hina cover Takato at the rear.
Emerging through the trees and into the clearing is a man with short brown hair. His face is obscured by a mask with the image of a wolf on it, much like the ANBU wear in the Leaf. He's shirtless from the waist up, his body muscular and well-cut. A pair of white ceremonial trouser matched the same colour of belt, and moccasins on his feet.
His chakra is incredibly potent...I can feel it rippling through me. This man could probably tear apart any one of us in a single blow if he got the chance. Our group...if it comes down to brute force, we're not in a good place. Some guerrilla tactics would work, but then it would be extremely difficult guarding two civilians at the same time. Still, we're not completely out of options at the moment. As noted before, he clearly wants something out of us before he makes the decision to attack.
"Hoh. I thought something was strange," he says with a youthful voice. "So they sent the Leaf in as an extermination force. Ha, what a way to play politics!"
"You have yet to attack," I say plainly.
"Ah? I haven't, no. I'm guessing you know why."
"There's a contract in play. Might it have something to do with...let's say, the preservation of your forest and your clan?" I ask.
"Oh? Not just a beauty, but smart, too! Kekekeke...not many ladies built like you anymore, you know. The Leaf didn't just send over rubbish to get kicked away. I like it. What's your name?"
"Lilith Kobayashi," I reply calmly. "Jounin of the Hidden Leaf."
"Hm. Interesting...something about that name, but I can't put my finger on it. Ah, well. Hey, you've got something coming off you. You realize it...right?"
"Why ask if you already know what it is? It's the blood. That delirious sort of perfume adorning killers in this world."
He crosses his arms and grunts. "Tch. You might be unhinged, too. I don't get you women sometimes. Anyways...let's get to why I'm here. Oh, and since you were so kind as to give me your name, mine is Yamato Inugami, the White Wolf of the Heavens. I'm current head of the Inugami Clan, who has walked in the footsteps of the Sage of Six Paths."
"White Wolf of the Heavens...bit of a pompous title, wouldn't you say?"
"Kekeke...you've got a mouth on you. Well, that's good. It would be boring standing here otherwise. Ah, but to business. Get the gal and the fatass with you to hand over the cargo. We'll take care of things from there."
"You...you want the cargo to destroy it, isn't that all?" Takato yells. "You damned Luddites! What do you have against technology?"
"Oi, listen. It's got nothing to do with you, fatso," Yamato says. "You can either do as I say, or die. Your choice. But I'm going to suggest that we do this quickly, before my little sister gets here. She hates negotiations more than she does men, and she especially likes swinging that big sword of hers around. Once that happens...well, you're beyond help."
"You shinobi! What the hell are you doing?" Takato demands. "Hurry up! Attack him! You have the numbers!"
"Attack? This guy?" Ittan counters. "You realize that he didn't come here alone, right? If we try to fight or run away, there's no way that we can overcome the animals in the forest around us. And I can...feel the pressure coming from this person. If our guardians try to attack him head on, the only thing that will happen is that you and I will be torn into pieces in the process. The terrain is bad for running, and the forest is not our home, it's theirs. Trying to fight like this is suicidal."
"Oho...another smart one, and she's pretty cute herself," Yamato says. "You seem to understand the wilderness a fair bit, yeah?"
"I've spent some time here...for many reasons. Can I ask something?"
"Go ahead!"
"Why do you want the device?"
"Well...to put it plainly, I want to save my clan. That's all."
"Are you going to get rid of it?"
"Maybe."
"What about us?"
"..."
"We know who you are now, and if you let us go, that information might get back to the Hidden Frost. You'll be hunted even more intensely. So...aren't we dead no matter what we do?" Ittan asks. "What if we made you an offer? What if along with the device...we gave you a sacrifice?"
"A...sacrifice?"
"Yes." She steps forward until she's beside me. "A sacrifice to the gods themselves. What if I traded my life for everyone else's?"
"You..."
"Please. Why not consider it? I...want to save this place, too. Even if I'm just...human."
"Uh, Miss Inaba? Could you please take a few mental steps back and think that over again?" Genma says nervously.
"Lieutenant Shiranui...thank you for your kindness. But I know what I have to do now. I know what the truth is...what my truth is."
The situation is escalating. Yamato...he's here for the device, and likely to eliminate us all in the process. That is clear to me.
But what does this production accomplish?
Why ask for the device? He could probably sniff it out himself, tear through the tent we've set up, go back to the automobile stuck in the snow...there are a great many things he can do. Why hasn't he killed us? Are his instructions that specific? Does he need to confirm something?
This is a...strange crossroads.
Look underneath the underneath...Iruka's words ring true as always. My beloved teacher, continuing to guide me. This standstill, this frozen moment in time...I can make use of this. Everyone can. Let's get a bit of information and put everything together. Yamato is a boisterous fellow, with a great advantage over our small group. I'll guide him gently into my palm and make something out of this situation.
Show a little bit of your hand, Lili.
"That device is going to be delivered back to Moyasu," I declare. "What confuses me is why he wants you of all people to steal the device from his cabal and bring it back to him...in exchange for something else."
"Who knows?" Yamato says, standing firm. "Funny little conspiracy theory you have there. If there's another guy involved, no need to worry. My sister will drag him back through the snow and he can meet his maker with the rest of you."
"Something must have happened," I continue. "You're probably doing all of this to ensure the safety of someone or something. Perhaps both. Maybe the person you're contracted with promised you protection, a small patch of land, something of that nature. But...you've been waging a guerrilla war against the Hidden Frost and all of its hired contractors, all on your own. Just you and your sister have been enough. The other small clans are moving away, to other lands, to the city, or they've been wiped out entirely. So what would something like this accomplish?"
"..."
"You fight for the future. But not a future for yourself or your sister. You have already considered yourselves as good as dead if you're caught by enemy shinobi. You're both ready to die at any time. You are fighting. Protecting." I pause and think. "More than the forest. Something small. Something vulnerable."
I watch his fists clench and unclench for a moment. It got a rise out of him. Small and vulnerable. Precious.
The Inugami siblings are protecting children. They must be relatives, or orphans of the recent genocide. More than that...why they're fighting this carefully right now.
"You and your sister are the last two adults."
"..."
"I get it. They're taking the technology with the hope that if they deliver it to Moyasu, he'll cut them a deal. That they can use that deal to protect those most vulnerable," Ittan says. "It's not that they can't win every fight that comes their way...unless...it's an entirely unconventional type of battle."
"Listen, you guys are just-"
"The wolves. Because I understand these sorts of things, just a little bit...I know about this forest, and the wolves that live within it. We're still in Hot Water Country, and this part of the forest stretches across this country and Frost. More importantly, this stretch of forest is sacred above all others, said to be one of the places where the Sage taught the masses and gave life back to the land. To lose this forest would be terrible. But there's the strategic aspect as well...it's a good place to hide people away. Moyasu, he must have known that much. He must have found the children."
"He used that information to blackmail you," Genma says.
"You have to obtain the device, kill us, and report back," Shino concludes. "Otherwise...there will be a remote activation of the device."
"Remote...what?" Takato says.
"No wonder he wouldn't let anyone look inside," Ittan says. "He must have tinkered with it to make it into a weapon of some kind. Something he could detonate if there was any trouble. He had to hide it from Takato, the Leaf, and especially a busy-body like me."
"And he counted on the fact that with all of our abilities, we wouldn't be able to figure out the device's workings," Hina adds in. "With this being new technology, and none of us having any sort of familiarity with it...he would be able to do whatever he wanted under the guise of routine maintenance."
"It was planned out from the beginning," Hana says. "Every part of this was a set up, and you can bet that the other people that were killed got tricked in the same way. Moyasu ends up the sole survivor, the hero who managed to hold onto the revolutionary device that would make the Frost Country stronger than ever. The Inugami get to save their forest and little ones, and Moyasu gets rich and famous off their backs. He pulls a few strings to avoid that section of forest...but you know how the story ends, don't you, Yamato?"
"..."
"One that I know all too well as an elite. We make our promises, but then we slowly encroach on that forbidden territory. An executive order here. A new law there. A swaying of public opinion. And then, before you know it...the Inugami are backed into a corner once more, with nowhere to go. And you realize that you have only been delaying the inevitable this entire time," I say. "Anything that happens on this mission is the fault of the Leaf. We would take the blame for wiping out an ancient clan that did nothing wrong in the end. The Inugami would be martyred, before eventually being forgotten and their forests razed for the sake of human comforts. You are, and always have been, a tool for that man Moyasu. A tool to protect the Frost, and most importantly, his own ambition."
"...I see. You all really are too smart for your own good," Yamato finally says. "If you know all of that, then...you know that we have no other choice. This is what we have to do."
"..."
"Seems like the time for words is coming to an end. Welcome back...Fubuki."
Another figure emerges from the trees, stopping beside Yamato.
"Brother...I have returned." A soft, soothing voice...and an overt sense of affection for her brother that I couldn't miss if I tried. This woman wears a sleeveless dress with intricately woven patterns and symbols on the white fabric. The hem hovers just above the snowy ground as she moves. On her face is a fiercer looking wolf mask than Yamato wears, and she has the same type of moccasins on her feet. I can see her body is lightly built, and she has fair skin. She gently brushes a hand over her long brown hair and sighs.
"What is it?" Yamato asks her.
"Brother...have you not started the executions? We did want to complete this mission in a timely fashion..."
"Ah, they know what's going on somehow. I didn't really give them any information to go on, either. But they did it. Seriously annoying."
"You...you can save yourselves," Takato offers. "Just...come quietly, and-"
"Ah? Do I hear this scum talking? Let me take care of it quickly..."
Right...I surmise that this young woman is a captivating beauty beneath her mask, but that somehow is not her most striking characteristic. It's the sword that she carries at her back, in a red sheath. This is not a katana. No, it's far too big. The entire thing is about a meter long from end to end, what the samurai would call a 'sanshaku' blade.
That weapon is...a nodachi.
She reaches back, grabs the grip, and pulls it sideways, through the sheath itself. It happens in an instant and the blade rips through Takato's skull.
Or it would have, if I was a few seconds slower.
Instead, I unceremoniously kick him to the side as the blade makes its arc, shoot snakes out of my sleeves and manually force everyone to duck as I lean backwards.
"Mm. I can't let you do that, Fubuki Inugami," I say flatly as I stand upright again. Everyone else is pretty visibly shaken, but okay. "Yes, he's a complete pain in the ass, but I need him alive until this shitty mission is over." I flip my hair with one hand. "By the by, did you run into a woman with black hair and red eyes earlier?"
"That trash Moyasu was speaking about such a woman earlier when I met with him. Along with a strange boy similar to the one here, who turned into insects when I struck him," Fubuki says. "Hm. So she didn't come back here after all. How interesting."
So it seems like Kurenai has figured out everything on her end. And she's presumably unharmed...that's a massive relief. It also means that I'm free to do what I have to here.
"I'll have to apologize in advance, Ittan...it's going to be difficult fulfilling that request of yours."
"That's more than fine. Please...choose life first."
"Right."
Fubuki tilts her head slightly. "She's fast, brother. Please forgive my failure."
"Eh? Well, I didn't tell you to murder them in the first place, so...don't worry about it. She really is quick, though. Something that I know I recognize, but can't put my finger on...ah." He cracks his neck a few times. "We can tear the information out of her later, I guess. Looks like it's finally time to get serious."
Yamato flexes his chakra and I can feel his killing intent flow towards me. It's making 'that' side excitable, but I can keep her in check for now. Right at this moment...I need to figure out what will work best for this group. Ittan and Takato need to be protected. Wolves have surrounded us and choked off all possible exit routes, so we're done for if we try to run. And this brother and sister pair...they're eager to tear us apart at the first opportunity.
Yamato feels incredibly strong. Though it's possible that I can use my speed to gain an advantage over him in combat. Fubuki...she's incredibly good with that nodachi, and her chakra is nothing to sneeze at either. She also...smells strongly of blood, far more than Yamato does. Definitely the hair-trigger killer of the two, and thus the most dangerous.
"What's cooking, Cap..."
"You'll have to do what you do best and guard our clients, no matter what happens," I say to Genma. "As for me...I'll go all out with my bag of tricks. As I am now, I could go up against one of the Sannin on my own. Maybe even pull out a win."
"I love the confidence, except for that last part."
"It's possible that I might be seriously injured, or even die holding them back," I say. "But I signed up for this, as you would say."
"Yeah..."
"..." But...there is another way. The fight hasn't started yet, and I have a feeling that I can swing this properly. Yamato is the clan head, Fubuki is his only sister, and these are the only two adults left in their clan. If Yamato wants this...and Ittan wants that...
"You've got a gleam in your eye, Princess. Should I be worried?" Genma asks with a smile.
"Well. I don't mean to push you onto this bobbing yacht of emotion...but bear with me for a few more moments, my dear."
"Oh, boy. Here we go."
"New orders," I announce firmly. "Everyone, please stand down."


Chapter 89
cw: incest. there is brother/sister incest and incest adjacent content in this chapter. please enjoy the chapter and stay safe out there.
Scarlet Justice - ep. 89"Field of Dreams"[Fleeting Dreams, Part 4]
"Yes, ma'am."
The call comes back in unison, and everyone around me takes a seat on the ground.
"What...wait a moment. Why are you surrendering? They're going to kill us-"
"Sit down. Don't make me repeat myself," I say to Takato without turning. "Get to the ground before I make you."
"..." I hear him whimper before finally doing as he's told.
"Hands behind your backs."
Everyone shifts and follows orders.
"Good." I look at Yamato and Fubuki from my position. Though I can't see their expressions, I can tell that they've relaxed a fair bit already.
"You're surrendering?" Yamato asks. "That's unexpected."
"Yes. This is my decision as leader of this group. Now that we are no longer hostile actors, I would like for you to tell me your demands."
"Hm. Wasn't expecting this, not so soon anyways...I guess that guy didn't get his facts right before pulling the trigger on this operation. But that only makes sense," Yamato muses. "Fubuki..."
"Brother. What is your wish? Shall I cleanly take off their heads?"
He chops her on the head. "Idiot. Stop being so bloodthirsty for once."
"S-sorry."
"It's...just calm down a little, okay? We're almost done. Now, I want you to take the fatso along and search the big moving carriage for anything we might have missed. After that, you'll grab the device from wherever it's been hidden in the forest. If he runs away or tries to hurt you, you can do what you want in response."
"Yes, brother. Stand up, you scum. You will do exactly as I say, or I will kill you where you stand."
"Do as she says, now. No funny business," I warn Takato. He gulps and rises to his feet slowly.
"Hey. Move faster, trash." Fubuki punches him several times in the back as they leave.
"Honestly, she's a handful...ah, well. So you want to know my demands, eh?" Yamato grunts and sits down on a nearby log. "Oh, you guys can go and have a proper seat if you want now. I'll try to explain as much as I can before Fubuki gets back."
"Thank you. We are free to move, everyone. Take a seat somewhere and get as comfortable as you can," I say.
"Fire's getting low. Mind if we perk it up some?" Genma asks.
"By all means," Yamato says.
The earlier tension has all but melted away. We're still active, of course, but the situation has changed a fair bit. From what I could guess, the arrangement with Moyasu wasn't exactly a happy one. It's likely that they want a way out. In the meantime, Kurenai is more than capable of taking care of the situation with the traitor on her end. Cross-country hiking or whatever the fuck he was yammering about earlier is nothing compared to shinobi training.
"You must have guessed my intentions."
"A little. I also was thinking that with all the opportunities you had to attack, you weren't quick to seize any of them," I say as I take a seat across from Yamato. "If you really wanted to fight and kill us, you would have done so from the start."
"Yeah. Not a bad assessment, really. Truth is...well, we knew that the plan was to make one of our groups martyrs for the Frost's cause. It would be even sweeter for them if we took each other out in the process of all this fighting." He looks over to Ittan. "You don't exactly agree with the actions being taken, do you?"
"I don't. I think...that even if it will help our civilization in the future, it's not worth extinguishing yours," she says.
"Ah, well said. So, the shocking reveal, I guess. Believe it or not, up until a certain time...I used to live in the Hidden Frost. I was a shinobi, pretty good at it. Mom and Dad were treated the same as we are now...they were murdered trying to secure freedom for our clan. In order to survive, I hid Fubuki away in the forest and became a member of the shinobi forces. Ended up going back and forth between my dump in the village and the home that Fubuki made for us here. Then I caught wind of this plan, and after all of the conflicting feelings I had, I decided to abandon my life as a shinobi. I joined my sister full time and taught her what I could. We became freedom fighters, called terrorists by the masses, to stop this final injustice and save our land. I also want to save people. Aside from living on, it was one of the reasons I became a shinobi in the first place. But I couldn't do that at the expense of this sacred land and its people. What my parents and grandparents, aunts and uncles, brothers and sisters and cousins...all died for. It's wrong. At the same time, I need a reason to fight and kill. I don't want to hurt people for no reason at all. I don't want to become like them...like those people in the Hidden Frost."
"Your sister has been scarred by all of this, then," I say.
"Yeah. Being like this...the way you saw her earlier. It's how she copes. I'm the only thing remaining in her life, and..." He pauses. "If it goes on like this, we'll be left without another option. We would have to have children together in order to preserve the clan. I know how wrong that might sound to you, but it's not something we're lightly considering. I wanted a better life than this for her."
"If it's about the clan...maybe I can help," Ittan says. "You know...talking about the children and all of that. If you would accept someone like me, of course..."
"Oho? I've had girls throw themselves at me before, but...nobody as interesting as you, I have to admit." Yamato puts a hand under his chin. "You know...I can give it some thought-"
A heavy object sails through the air and lands between us, throwing up snow briefly. Takato is thrown to the ground nearby.
"He won't be thinking about anything like that. A slut like you would never be good enough for my brother." Fubuki stops beside Yamato, visibly tense. "What is this foolishness you are speaking of, dear brother? I said that I would give myself to you for the sake of the clan. I love you."
"I know, Fubuki. But I'm still a dreamer at heart."
She sighs. "Yes, I know. It's what I adore so much about you."
"I think...maybe there's a better way. This girl's pretty cute, and she wants to save all of us. We shouldn't turn away that sort of sincerity without a good reason." He stands up and snaps his fingers. "I got it. Let's have a big wager, then."
"Wager? What could you mean by that?" I ask, intrigued.
"A death match to decide it all. Makes sense, right?"
"Er...not really. Could you explain?" Genma asks.
"Sure. You all choose one of us to fight right now. Either myself or Fubuki. Now, if we win, all of you die as planned and we take the device to Moyasu. Simple, right? If you win...you get to decide what to do with the remaining person. We'll be at your mercy."
"Is...this really the only way?" Ittan asks.
"Yeah, it is. Sorry about that, you know. But it's like we've all figured out...if we fight as we are now, it's likely that most of us, if not all of us, will die in battle. The ones who get away won't be in any shape to fight further, and I can only guess that Moyasu would gather a clean up crew to dispose of survivors, so that nobody would know the truth of what took place. If we let you guys go, we've doomed the Inugami for nothing. Moyasu will have us killed and our land will be turned into dust by the completed device. And who knows what he'll do to the young ones. If we kill you guys, or try to...Moyasu still wins, and we've only just delayed the inevitable."
"You're right...I understand completely now. Kobacchi...I think that you should consider this way as well, even if it is dangerous. We're already hostages by now, technically speaking. Isn't this what you were hoping for?"
"Yes," I admit. "Some sort of negotiation, a way out that wouldn't jeopardize all of us at once. If nothing else, an appeal to the honour of a clan head."
"Hehe...you really are a smart cookie, aren't you? Thank god for you, Lady Kobayashi."
"Brother, this is crazy. Even though we can crush them in every scenario, there's a chance that they could do something ridiculous!" Fubuki yells.
"Unfortunately...none of that matters right now."
"W-what? What...do you mean by that? Brother...?"
"I kept this from you because I didn't want you to do anything foolish. We both know how you are. Moyasu has...a remote trigger for this device. That's what he told me after confirming the mission. Given that you guys didn't have to go too far for it...well, we would have been inside of its blast range either way."
"So he means to kill us all no matter what," I say. "In this case, if things go wrong...he can easily pass it off as an accident."
"Prudent of him. It seems that he has covered all of his bases," Shino says casually.
"Yeah, there's a timer that we're on...he's a paranoid little whelp, that Moyasu. We have to deliver him the device by tomorrow at dawn, no exceptions. If not, then..."
"I-I know how to disable it! The whole thing! I can do it, I can make it inert!" Takato yells through a face full of snow.
"Hoh, that was easy. So that means we can get business done if this drags on too long. Perfect! I have one more demand, then. Our red-haired queen there has to give us her true name."
"So it's come to this, then...hmph." I stand and dramatically flip my hair to one side. "Then in accordance with your wishes...my name is Lilith Kobayashi, the Hidden Leaf's Scarlet Viper. She who has toppled titans and run across the heavenly plains."
"Kekeke...I had a feeling you were someone dangerous, but this is beyond that! So you're that Scarlet Viper after all!"
"It's really her...brother, may I? I can't let this type of predator go, not without sinking my fangs into her at least once," Fubuki says.
"Ah, hold on. We have to let her choose. There's a chance that she might send one of her comrades out, or possibly fight both of us at once! Who knows? I have a feeling it's going to be something exciting, though."
And now, we're in a completely different situation. My plan to appeal to their desires has worked, perhaps a little too well. It's up to me how this unfolds next, and they're both eager to have a fight with me. We're out of the danger zone, with all of the attention focused squarely on me at this moment in time. Now I just have to stay the course and bring this ship to port once more.
Ittan was right...this is the best solution. Time to take the opportunity and run as fast as I can.
Fighting them both at this juncture isn't sensible. At least one of them needs to live, and a healthy life at that. And even though I have faith in my comrades, this is far too much of a fight for most of them. Maybe Hana and Genma would make a difference, but Fubuki's blade speed is truly terrifying...that earlier attack must be etched into the memories of everyone here. That seems to be out as well. Kurenai and I together would form a sensible pair, but I imagine that she would have a very hard time as well. So it has to be a one on one, then.
Yamato...if I kill Yamato, and something happens to Fubuki, that will be it for the clan. And there are no guarantees that she wouldn't lash out in despair if her brother was struck down in battle. As obedient as she is with him nearby...she could very well throw me into a second round of fighting, leaving everything uncertain and chaotic. She called Moyasu trash...there's no trust there. And without the clan leader, her anchor...
"..."
Fighting isn't exactly ideal here, but as always, a part of me is curious and excitable. Yamato still dreams of a future for his clan, and Ittan has willingly made herself a sacrifice to that end. I look over to see her with her head bowed, hands clasped together in prayer. I wonder if she is ready for everything that this entails...I believe that she is. She really does want this, for reasons that I have come to understand in this short journey together.
"I have made my decision."
"So...what will it be?" Yamato says, crossing his arms.
"If you would be so kind...I will take Fubuki Inugami as my opponent."
"Heh. Thought so, you two are practically kindred spirits. Guess we'll let you two fight it out."
"Very well, then. If you would allow me to make my final preparations before we begin," she says.
"Yes, as you wish."
She moves to stand in front of Yamato, her back turned to me. I see her remove the mask from her face, and he does the same as I close my eyes. Everything is quiet before they speak.
"Brother."
"Fubuki."
"When Mother and Father were murdered...I was so very young. You put all you had into protecting me, slaving away in the human world for a long while. I stayed in the forest where I was born. You tried to bring me to the village proper, but I couldn't handle it and ran back. I was frightened of everything. And yet...you never said a word about it. You supported me, and continued to support me in every way possible. When I found out that you gave up on being a shinobi to live with me here, I was beside myself with joy. I know that it was wrong. That...there might be something wrong with me such a long time ago. But I loved you so much, and I thought that it was the only way to express my affection properly. I fell in love with you, not just as your sister, but as a woman. And I pledged that I would become a mother to this clan. From that moment on, you threw away your last ties to the world of humans. You sacrificed once more...you...took me as your woman."
"Yeah. I never regretted that," Yamato says.
"I will return to you, brother. I love you so much, and I don't care who knows or who sees us. I don't care about anything else...as long as you love me back."
"I love you too, Fubuki. I'm sorry. I couldn't protect you from this world. That's what older brothers are born for, and yet..."
"Please. It's alright. There's nothing to forgive. You worked so hard. You did your best, as my brother, and as a man. If there was a life inside of me, one gifted by your precious soul...then I wouldn't fight another day. But you must live on, even if I don't. You must carry on the spirit of this clan that has always been a guardian of the earth. I will fight my hardest to come back to you."
"Fubuki..."
"I have one last, selfish wish before I go. Can you grant it?"
"What is it?"
"Please...kiss me. Here and now."
My senses are clear, and I know that they don't hesitate...even if the would deems it wrong. Their embrace ends after what seems a long while, as they come together and move apart without a hint of shame.
"I will return, brother. I won't let this be...the last time."
"I know, Fubuki. Good luck."
I open my eyes to see them both putting on their masks again. Fubuki turns and stands before me calmly.
"I am the Luminous Black Wolf, Fubuki Inugami. In the name of my ancestors and my family, I face you while wagering my life. I am death. I am retribution. The guardian of the gate of life, and all living things in my domain. On the name of Inugami, of those who walked before and behind the Sage of Six Paths, do I offer my being. May this life bring glory to our family, and the heavenly host itself."
I straighten myself and reply. "I am the Scarlet Viper, Lilith Caroline Kobayashi. The Hidden Leaf's Great Sword of Justice. Today, I fight for myself, and for my precious comrades. As one who has seen the plains of heaven, I accept your challenge and your sacrifice. I have not come to this world as a saviour. I am a future goddess of destruction. The World Serpent who will release her tail from her jaws and devour the world whole at her whim."
"Show me your darkness, Scarlet Viper. Mine jaws will consume you and your boundless rage."
"O, thou Great Wolf. I shall devour you and your dark essence." I can feel that side...stirring slowly.
"It begins...for you as well."
"Hmhmhm...indeed it has," I say darkly. "Throwing around your murderous aura...you really are ruthless..."
"We do not want the violence to swallow up innocents. Our battle will take place deeper in this sacred forest. Brother...please wait for me."
"Right."
"You've gone to that place again," Hina says.
"Hehehe...it seems so," I say to her as I try to steady myself. "Starting to boil over already...I really am awful, but you knew that."
"I love you either way. Please be careful. Come back to us, no matter what."
I smile and stroke her head. "I promise, Hina. I love you too."
She nods and wipes her tears.
"Genma...Hana...you'll be okay as long as you stick with Yamato. But if anything happens to me, you'll know what to do."
"Got it. Be careful out there, Princess," Genma says.
"We'll guard Inaba and Matou with all we have," Hana says. "Count on us, and stay safe. You've got this."
"Thank you...I'll be back soon enough, come hell or high water..."
Fubuki leaves and I take off quickly after her. I can feel her murderous aura getting stronger and stronger, making me start to slip away completely. So much...there's so much bloodlust. The cold has disappeared on account of it.
We stop in a wide clearing, the snow starting to swirl around us and whistling through the trees. Another storm is coming, a poetic sort of backdrop to this duel in a frozen land.
"Well...is this better, serpent?"
I loosen up and give Fubuki my special smile. "Much better. I like it...I'm going to eat you up, my darling."
"Your thoughts are impure." She draws her nodachi, holding it at a horizontal angle with the blade tip pointing behind her. Her stance is lowered slightly, and she looks steady on her feet.
I reach up and tie back my hair, using a white scrunchie that I borrowed from Hina earlier. "You're certainly right about that. I've been thinking some...mm, salacious things about you for a while now. Did you know that you're quite attractive?"
"I have some idea."
"That's good. What I want to do right now, though...is carve you up properly. Nice...and slow."
"This is fine. I didn't want you to do something foolish, like try and reform me or anything like that. Like you, I am a natural killer. Redemption is beyond my reach. I do not expect forgiveness for my deeds...nor do I ask for it. I am become death, the destroyer of worlds."
I frown. "Hmph. You've got an unpleasant mouth on you. Shame..."
"You consider it a shame because you would like a piece of me, for all of the wrong reasons. You're definitely a lecher, and for that the world will be better off without you."
"That's rich coming from someone who fucks her brother."
"If you think that I'm so wrong for that, go ahead and erase me for it."
"Good. I can grant that wish easily enough. But first, I want to see what's under that cute mask of yours."
"Hmph." She remains as calm as ever, waiting for me to make the first move. That's perfectly fine, and I lick my lips while thinking of what I want to do.
This lonely little wolf is going to learn her place. I'll make sure of that.


Chapter 90
Scarlet Justice - ep. 90"Envoy of Heaven"[Fleeting Dreams, Part 5]
The storm slowly starts to approach us.
Fubuki remains very still, even as the snow continues to fall around us. Her fingers move lightly along the grip of her sword, smoky white air streaming from beneath her mask. I can feel my blood running hot, my mind working towards a strategy of some kind in the background. This moment is slow and quiet, the danger present but far from the only thing I'm considering. I charge Mobius in both hands at half power, and focus on the seal etched into my left arm. Several poisonous snakes wind their way down my pant legs and burrow themselves into the snow. They'll be of use later, and should be hard to detect in this atmosphere.
She's still not moving, so I will start this dance in earnest.
I keep my distance and fire two attacks in quick succession; she deflects the first and then the second just barely, letting it graze her left shoulder. She moves forward at last and I skip backwards in response, not wanting her to get too close. But she accelerates and swings outwards with her sword, causing a narrow miss.
"...!"
Or I would have hoped. The air starts to ripple and I use a body flicker to move backwards again at the very last moment. I escape with a small cut on my cheek.
Chakra flow on her sword. Expected. Bothersome all the same.
"You're definitely an insufferable bitch," I mutter. Fubuki is already advancing again, her blade coming for me. I step to the side to avoid her next attack, but she cuts her swing short and positions herself so that she can slash at me again, forcing me to drop to my knees and lean backwards to avoid her swing. She quickly drives forward with her knee, and I roll through the snow to dodge, only to have her gain balance again and raise the sword above her head. It's coming in too fast and I have no time to counter, so I flicker to my left and avoid her strike, just as it splits open the ground below.
I jump backwards and throw a set of kunai at her, which she slices apart with one clean swing. Twirling with her momentum, she slashes outwards and sends a blade of energy through the air towards me. I hurdle over it and throw shuriken this time as she gives chase, deflecting the weapons while on the run. My hand rises to fire Mobius again, but she's gotten wise and ducks behind a tree on reflex.
"A little too savvy for our own good, aren't we." I try to use my senses to figure out where she is. Not moving, as usual. Perfectly fine with letting me run myself ragged. We'll see how well that goes.
There's an odd sound and I look upwards instinctively. A tree has started to fall towards me, and I move without another thought to avoid it as it comes down. I charge and fire Mobius through the wood, hearing a loud metallic sound as I thought I would. I jump over the log as it lands, going through the veil of snow thrown up from its crashing. My arm tenses and I fire two more bursts in sequence, but Fubuki escapes both of them and moves to hide in the trees once more. She really is quick...if not for my training, I would have been done for within the first ten seconds. There's no way that anyone else on our side could have held their own. All this from a girl who was trained solely by her brother. She would have made a fantastic shinobi.
But going back to the matter at hand...it seems she's trying to execute guerrilla tactics at the moment. Fubuki is extremely dangerous up close, and I did well to try and keep out of her range as much as I could. But along with her skill with a blade, her physical strength is outrageous as well - there's no doubt that knee from earlier would have ruined me if it landed. I am not built for those sorts of confrontations, and I refuse to pose as someone who is. It will most certainly get me killed. Her perception and taijutsu overall is very good. Mobius...it barely has a chance of getting through as long as she holds that sword in her hands. I might be able to overwhelm her with some effort, but that's a rather large gamble to take in this sort of fight.
I'm also at a disadvantage when it comes to this type of terrain. Fubuki was born and raised in this forest, so she would know it well enough. That has a significant impact on my stamina, as I would be trying to move in and out of positions that she can take advantage of. And I need every bit of energy to compete with her, because she has more of it than I do.
"This might be a problem...but..."
I know what it is I have to do. Everything put together means that my only option is to end this fight decisively. I have to create an opening and then tear through it. Still, even that is dangerous...my edge in speed is small. I can see her attacks coming and dodge them effectively, but if she manages to catch up for a moment, I'm as good as dead.
Fubuki is moving around the trees as the snow falls harder. The wind picks up, dropping my visibility even further. These conditions are not ideal, but they're also not a large detriment to me yet. My fellows from earlier have been following through the snow, and remain available for use. I just have to decide on what to do next.
She walks closer to my location, stepping lightly across the snow with her sword out in front of her.
"It would be just like a serpent to hide away and catch their breath."
"Are you lonely?" I call back. "You have no need to be anxious, my sweet. I will be joining you again soon."
"How lovely. Please show yourself post-haste...your severed head would make the most wonderful holiday gift for my dear, sweet brother."
"A garish sort of present, no?"
"Hm. How interesting that you would say such a thing about yourself."
"Some self-depreciating humour makes for good medicine. In trying times like these, especially."
"Ah. How unfortunate. I'm beginning to grow a tiny bit fond of you, Scarlet Viper."
"I note that I have that affect on people. Something that I might say I am proud of. But alas, all good things must come to an end."
"All things of good and of evil become marked for oblivion, as the ancients have foretold. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust."
"..."
I suppose there is nothing else left to do but move forward. There are those who will meet death, and have their bodies return to the earth in due time. But I have much to do. Things of great importance. I have been given the strength to reach those places that mere mortals could not dream of. And so, I will keep my promises to my loved ones. I will return home. I claim this victory.
"It's come to this. Let us begin our dance once more, Fubuki." I focus and push chakra through my body, feeling that familiar burst of energy as it spreads through me. The electricity bursts outward, red and flowing around me like hungry flames, heightening every one of my senses and dazing me for a moment as the snow storm intensifies.
I flicker to one side as Fubuki swings through the tree I was standing behind a moment earlier. She charges through the snow like a locomotive, both hands on her sword grip as she swings faster than she has before. I focus and watch as it slows down in my sight. My hand balls into a fist and I drive it into her stomach before she can react, feeling resistance as her muscles tighten in response. Her grip remains tight on the sword, and she resumes her swing, forcing me to hop backwards. I move in close again, pinpointing the same spot I struck earlier and driving a knee into it. She hisses air through her teeth and spins to lash out with her elbow as I run out of her range.
"You're...even faster now? That shouldn't be..."
She shakes her head and regains her bearings. Her body tenses as she moves at full speed to chase me down, through the driving snow. I can track her easily as I am, and I match her pace exactly as I run backwards. She starts to prepare a swing and I take a sudden sharp turn left before she can register it, charging Mobius quickly and firing at her right side.
"Ugh...!"
The searing beams of lightning chakra hit her dead on, leaving smoking holes in her dress and bloodstains as confirmation. She staggers for a moment before quickly recovering, lashing out with another chakra blade that I quickly evade while charging Mobius. She sends out two more in succession and I weave through them, raising my hand and forcing her guard up on reflex. I aim just underneath it and fire, hitting her and sending up a spray of snow as the attack explodes against her torso. She stubbornly recovers again, stomping her foot into the snow and gaining her balance.
"Really...so you're this powerful, then. I should have figured that you had something up your sleeve, serpent girl."
"It's not often that I'm pushed this far," I reply.
"I see...then...I will reply in kind. I still have more..." She takes her stance again, holding her breathing steady. "O great gods that watch over this land, hear my cry. Feed the true power of this sacred blade into my body. This lowly woman has lived for no other than the clan and its leaders...please take hold of this pure vessel, and make it an instrument of your power."
"..." Somehow her chakra has grown in strength and intensity. This doesn't look too pleasant on my end, I think.
Fubuki holds the blade straight up in front of her as it glows with white light. "Divine Instrument: Ookami! With this, my fervent prayer...release!"
She sweeps the area in front of her as the white glow flows into her body. I watch as her mask splits into two pieces cleanly and falls to the snow, revealing her face to me at last. Her eyes are a hazy grey. In the softness of her face, a jagged scar runs underneath her left eye, going across her cheek.
"You just had to be a beauty, didn't you. What a bother," I say with a wry smile.
"You're not too distracted, are you? Consider yourself worthy of seeing my face. None of my past opponents have ever done so. It means that you have proven yourself worthy of experiencing this divine strength."
"Well, it's certainly a treat."
"Such cheek." Patterns of red appear on her exposed skin, and red markings are now decorating her face. She radiates intensity as she holds the glowing nodachi in front of her. "I know that you still have more power inside of you, Scarlet Viper. I can feel it. If you truly count yourself among the envoys of God, then you will show me that strength."
"And if I refuse?"
"Then it becomes a simple matter. I will slice you into pieces so thin that your remains will float away in the cold wind."
"What a cute little threat." Time to see what she has in store after this transformation.
I advance and go on the offensive, zipping back and forth before firing Mobius at an off angle. She primes herself to take the hit, but something else happens as she focuses in. Time...starts to distort itself, slowing within some sort of anomaly and allowing her to react with little effort. She blocks the attack cleanly and acts as if nothing special has happened.
That is...a space-time technique, then? It has to be something like that, it's the only thing that makes sense. She slowed down the attack with some sort of barrier, and then moved within that frozen time to react.
"..."
I start moving again, using body flickers while in the chakra mode's third stage to try and catch her off guard. With one hand I whip kunai at her from behind, and with the other I fire Mobius again from a distance at her side. Again, I can see the strange shift, and she speeds up in my sight to slice through the shuriken and then block Mobius once more with ease. At those angles, it wouldn't be possible...she definitely didn't get faster. Time is really and truly slowing at her command. And it's covering her at multiple angles.
"Scary..." I shut off the chakra mode to conserve energy. "I don't know how I'm supposed to penetrate that as I am. If I get too close, and she disturbs the flow of time, I really will lose my head in an instant. And her stamina is so high still..."
"You seem frustrated, serpent girl. If that is the case, I will move first this time as a courtesy to you. An offensive attack...here." Fubuki places a hand on the flat of her blade, then twirls towards the ground with energy building around her. I sense danger, but it's possible that she's vulnerable...
"Let's try it. Now is as good a time as any..."
"Hm?"
The snakes from earlier surge towards her, driving through the snow and attacking from as many angles as possible. I prime Mobius just in case luck turns my way, and focus with my tracking art to see what's really going on. Her chakra...from what I can sense, it's spread out in a wide sphere, interacting with the energy of everything else in the area. It must allow her to feel out any abnormalities by using the forest to help her sense anything that doesn't seem to belong. It's similar to contact-type sensing, another impressive thing that she seems to have discovered on her own while in the forest. Anything that passes through the chakra sphere is detected, and she can easily strike from her first reaction since her other senses are incredibly sharp.
The colour of her chakra...I can see the mixing of wind and water, meaning it's an ice element technique that she means to launch. But that's been interrupted because of the snakes coming in. And as she reacts, I can see how her special technique works in detail. A sphere of a different colour forms around her body at her command, and the snakes all run into it at different times. Time starts to distort again, and she moves to swing her sword through each one of them quickly before the sphere disappears, and the world returns to normal. Several puffs of smoke rise into the air as she finishes her motions, then pushes the ice chakra back into her blade.
She's about to release that attack from earlier...
"Ice Release: Frozen Tide!"
Fubuki's arm moves in a flash as she swings in my direction, sending a wave of ice sweeping through the forest. Trees are instantly frozen solid as I quickly dash out of the attack's widening path and to one side. I feel the horrific chill assault my senses for a moment before I steady myself, and she's pulling chakra into her sword to try the same technique again. Her reserves are still absurdly high, even with the use of her pseudo-sensing, space-time barrier, and heaven knows whatever other techniques she has aside from this. At this rate, she could very well flash freeze the entire forest and everything in it, myself included. That, to say the least, would not be any fun at all.
Despite all this, a nervous smirk finds its way onto my face.
"O~i. It's always the gorgeous ones that dish out the most trouble. But then, I would be one to launch such complaints...what will we do with you, Fubuki?"
I've analyzed her technique...suffice it to say that she can activate it any time she wants, and trying to run her reserves low is a fool's errand at this point. With my usual arsenal, it will be hard to overwhelm her. I will have to think of something quite clever if I want to make it out alive.
Fubuki swings again and I activate the chakra mode's first stage to dodge safely. At this point, she's stalking me. Fully aware that I don't have anything in mind to stop her or her attacks. Rather ironically, it means I have space to breathe. And that might be all I need at this juncture.
"We'll start our routines. Lili...you have the floor. Come up with something splendid, won't you?"
My estimations. The circle she uses for detection is about three sword lengths, or lengths of her nodachi in this case. Three meters, approximately. It doesn't sound like much, but it's practically marathon distance considering her strength and reflexes in this fight. So I need to overwhelm her within that space, if possible. Her jutsu. She can't use other jutsu at the same time as that space-time technique, and there's some sort of wind up and cool down attached to it. I guess at this because of her prudence when using it against the snakes earlier, and before that with the combination of the shuriken and Mobius. What she can do is switch between them quickly by channelling one art into her blade and activating the other with her body.
There's one thing that I can and must do. Attack the gap that she leaves.
I can feel the storm starting to wash over us, and visibility is starting to drop sharply. As the storm gets worse, Fubuki will be able to seize control of the battlefield. I can't rely exclusively on my other senses when her blade work is so stellar. I have to take a risk here. I need to meet her in her domain and crush her completely.
"..."
With the chakra mode's third stage, I could not only keep up, but put her on her back foot. Aside from the new technique, she hasn't picked up any more speed. I...can make this work.
"World Serpent! Will you stand before me, or bury yourself within the snowdrifts?" Fubuki yells.
I step into her sight and grit my teeth.
"Do not despair, o luminous canine. We will come together once more for this final dance. The heavens will it, and so shall it be done."
"I will show you the reaches of oblivion."
"You can try it. I'll put everything into what's coming next...get ready." The storm howls through the forest, and I can feel her chakra building quickly. She means to end this too, in her own way.
I flicker forward and build up chakra in my right hand, going straight at her. Fubuki doesn't move or attack, instead waiting for me to close distance. I stop violently and slam my hand into the snow, releasing a burst of lightning chakra that rushes through the ground in a straight line.
"Mobius Type 5...Zeta!"
"...!" Her eyes shift downwards. "I see your plan! You will not succeed, serpent!"
She uses her barrier to shift herself, blocking the surprise attack as it bursts upwards from below.
The time has to be now.
I plant my feet and focus my energy as quickly as possible. My body groans in pain, but I push forward, surging chakra through the nodes around my heart and having them burst outwards with fresh power. The chakra crackles outwards, glowing a bright white and pushing the snow away from me.
"Twin Drive...activate!"
"No!" Fubuki swings outwards and a wave of ice shoots through the forest towards me. I dodge quickly and fire Mobius, then slam my foot into the earth and send Zeta forward again towards her. This time...she foregoes the barrier completely, letting the attack clip her side.
She's set on challenging me.
There is a completely different chakra in her blade now. Heavy and dark, something that will erase me completely if it makes contact. She's been preparing it, and it's for that reason that she isn't using any other attacks. This is the opening that I've been fighting for. My body tenses and I pull together the chakra for my own technique, the only one fast enough and strong enough to tear through her in time. Her sword is drawn back at her side, pulsing with that dark energy.
Time, for both of us now, slows to an agonizing crawl.
"Luminous Glow...forbidden Ninth Style..."
"Sage Technique..."
And then, our eyes meet. In one violent flash, we move.
"Akumetsu!"
"Jakyou Messenga!"
For a moment...I felt myself soaring again. Reminiscing about running through the sky, as I did once before.
The glowing white feathers float away swiftly. Not...just in my mind's eye.
The storm is cleared away from that violent impact. That magnificent dance of God's precious envoys.
I stop behind Fubuki, the white glow and shell of chakra disappearing from my body. I spit blood from my mouth and fall to one knee, exhausted from the strain of moments ago. The tattered remains of my jacket fall from my back and to the snow.
"God's envoy...that was it. You really did see the field of heaven with your own eyes. What a...magnificent opponent..."
I force my shaking form to rise, watching as a single white feather fades into dots of light. Fubuki's sword drops from her bloodied hand.
The forest ahead of her is obliterated. There is nothing but scorched and blackened earth for as far as I can see. Blood drips down from her wounds, and quietly, she falls onto her back. I can feel her chakra fading, bit by bit.
"It seems that this body...doesn't want me to move on quite yet. There are still tasks to complete. Lilith Kobayashi...wasn't it?"
"Yes. If you would like...Lili is fine, too." I walk towards her, and kneel beside her still form as she bleeds.
"A heavenly blossom."
"Yes."
"I thank you for accepting my challenge. My brother is...a man of honour. Where I would despair, he rises ever upwards. He will keep to his word...I promise you this on my very soul."
"I understand."
"World Serpent...please know this. Whether you desire it or not, you will become 'Bushin'. A goddess of war and of battle, from here until the end of eternity."
I smile. "What a troublesome title."
She smiles herself, looking up into the grey skies. Snow has started to fall again, lightly. "Indeed. I said as much myself."
"Fubuki...you are a brilliant soul. Rest in peace. May heaven receive you with the glory that you deserve."
"Thank you for your blessing. Live long. May you forever be wrapped in glory, Lili Kobayashi."
"Yes...thank you."
"Ah...I..."
"I make this promise to you, o mother wolf." My hand grasps hers. "I will return to this forest, where you rose and fell, and see to it that the future children you gave rise to will enter this world safely. I will tell them, with these lips, the tale of the Luminous Black Wolf. I will sing of her glory, of her beauty and strength. And I will tell them the story of when she challenged the one who danced in heaven...and fought until she could fight no longer."
"That kindness...it is more than I deserve," she says with tears in her eyes. "Blessed envoy, sweet flower of heaven...thank you. Thank you..."
I smile and recite words that I remembered from so long ago.
"For as much as it hath pleased Almighty God of his great mercy to take unto himself the soul of our dear sister...we therefore commit her body to this sacred ground from which she came. Earth to earth...ashes to ashes...dust to dust. Praise be."
"Praise be..."
"Goodbye, Fubuki Inugami."
She closes her eyes slowly, and breathes her last breath. The forest is quiet.
"..."
I find the strength to leave her side. First I walk over to her sword, then to the sheath that is lying in the snow. With the greatest reverence, I slide the blade over the edge of the sheath before slowly sliding it into place.
It's...finally over.
"That's it, then." Yamato approaches with the others and removes his mask. His face reminds me of Fubuki's. It's soft like hers, and handsome looking. He has the same grey eyes as she did.
"Yes," I say to him. "We fought until the very end. Someone as strong as her...I'm not sure how much longer I could last on my own. She was that formidable."
"Heh. So I take it that you're not interested in round two with me?"
I frown. "Even as I am now, I could definitely take your head."
He laughs softly. "Of course, of course. It's no wonder she wanted to fight you so badly. You really are a troublemaker."
"Hmph."
"I'll, uh...just need a minute with her."
"Only a minute? You can take longer than that."
"No, no. We both told each other what we wanted in case the worst happened. And...I know you gave her a good enough send off. There's not much I have to say...I'll be back soon."
"Take your time," I scold. He waves lazily and kneels at Fubuki's side. I sigh and turn to Ittan as she approaches.
"I'm sorry. I couldn't preserve her life, but she wanted nothing less than this."
"I understand. You did what you had to."
"Do you...really want to do this? Give up your life to become a mother of the forest?"
"Yes. I know it might be difficult. But...I want this. For her, and for myself. I want to save this clan and this sacred place. Something in my heart is driving me to do this. I can't...won't ignore it any longer."
I nod with understanding. "Then I will come to see you again after this mission. Please send word of when the arrival of your children nears."
"Lili..."
"I have a promise to keep, you see."
She smiles. "Yeah, of course. We might have one of those small and plain ceremonies, too. Would you come to one of those?"
"Easily done. I already have one to go to as is..."
"Ah, yeah. Me too. My uncle Zen is getting married himself."
I blink. "Zen? Don't tell me...he's bald and he's marrying his long time assistant?"
Her eyes widen. "Huh? How did you know all that?"
"He was our very first client. Hmhm, what a small world we live in."
"That's true," she says with a smile. "Well, I guess I'll see you soon enough, then? He's got a shop in the Hot Springs and all, so we're not too far away."
"Yes. We can certainly talk then."
"For now...I'll have to make some arrangements to move out here. Yamato says that it's nothing too serious, there's still electricity and running water, stuff from when his parents were still around. There are also roads into various towns that we can access in the Frost, so...we won't be complete hermits. That's pretty cool."
Yamato claps three times before rising to his feet, piling dirt and leaves onto Fubuki's body. He looks at her quietly before breathing out a stream of flames, burning everything in front of him to ashes.
"..."
"Lili? Are you alright?" Hina asks. I rub her back gently.
"I'm okay now. Sorry for worrying you."
"I know that you didn't mean it. She...wasn't a bad person, was she?"
"No. She was very devoted to everything that she did, and the people who she cared about. Her death won't be in vain. This I can promise."
"I'm glad to hear that. But you need rest."
"I might. Has Kurenai returned?"
"Not yet."
"Then I'm still in charge for now. Still things to do, of course." I hand Yamato his sister's sword as he returns, and he takes it gratefully.
"Thanks. So what's your decision? I said that you could do whatever you wanted with us if you won. And you did. I'm ready for whatever happens next."
"..."
The primary mission is to make sure that the device gets to its destination. Everything else is just an accessory to that fact. It means that I can, in essence, do whatever I want. Especially now that I've been handed this opening.
But it's as I said before. I have many promises that I intend to keep.
"You have returned your beloved sister to the forest she loved. I could easily make you join her," I say to Yamato.
"..."
"But there's a woman over there who wants to give herself to your cause. I won't get in the way of that desire. My demand of you is that you live a long life, and give her as many children as she asks for."
"I will. I promise."
"Good. Then with that settled, we will return to our camp and rest. There still should be time before we absolutely have to move, and hopefully Kurenai is doing well. Best to give her some time to return to us. Aside from that, I am incredibly tired. Not tired enough to let you kill me," I say with a look, "but tired nonetheless."
"You don't have to worry about something like that," Yamato says. "We have no quarrel. You've saved my home and my family, so...I'm in your debt, Scarlet Viper."
"Ufufu...I see. It's always nice to make new friends."
We all start on our way back to the campsite. Yamato had brought over meat in case the battle went on for too much longer, and the legion of wolves has disappeared. Hana starts to cook a meal, but I have no interest in eating. I yawn and lie on my side near the fire pit before falling asleep.
It's been an extremely long day.


Chapter 91
Scarlet Justice - ep. 91"One of None"[Fleeting Dreams, Part 6: Conclusion]
The next morning arrives. I yawn and realize that I'm still very sore from the previous day's fighting. My tongue flicks out at the air to survey the area, and I can't detect any unusual chakra signatures. It seems like the others are taking care of morning patrols, which is good.
I prop myself up lazily and relax on my side for a while. Genma is making breakfast with Hana. Hina and Shino are out on patrol in the distance with the Haimaru triplets shadowing them. Takato is in the tent, snoring away as expected. As for Yamato and Ittan...they're on the edge of my range, walking together. I can only assume they're having some sort of private conversation, so it might be best to leave them to that for now.
Kurenai isn't back yet. I'll have to run a search for her at this rate.
"Hm." There's a blanket on me, I've just noticed. I suppose someone put it on me while I was asleep last night, which was nice of them. The scent tells me that it's one of Hina's blankets, because of course it would be. She's too much sometimes...
"Breakfast should be ready soon," Hana assures me.
"Mm. There's no rush, my dear."
"Even so, it's always nice to inform your team leader of what's going on," she says with a smile. "Would you like some tea?"
"Nothing for now. I want to see that Kurenai is safe first. Have you received any messages to that effect?"
"Nothing."
"Then I will take one of your companions with me for a brisk walk through the wilderness. We will locate Kurenai in due time," I say as I start to get up. Hana gently attempts to seat me again.
"Easy, now. If you're going to head out, at least let me heal your injuries first. You've been through plenty in the past day or so."
"Yes, yes. Expeditiously, Hana."
"Yes, ma'am. Genma, could you run inside the tent and grab a spare cloak for Lili?"
"Got it."
She presses her lips together and whistles at a pitch that I can barely hear, but can also feel through the air at a significant level. It seems to be a specific one, since only one of the triplets arrives this time.
"Go along with Captain here. You remember what our missing senpai smells like, so do your best."
Hana gets an obedient bark in response, and the dog takes a seat next to me while my wounds are tended to. As annoying as it might be right now, I appreciate her care and caution.
"I don't mean to hold you up too long. I know how close you two are, and how much you worry."
"No, I understand. I'm sorry if I came across as harsh, Hana."
"It's fine. I know that if anything like this happened to Kiba, I would move heaven and earth to find him. There, you should be good to go for that walk you wanted. Be safe, okay?"
"I will. Thank you, my love." I kiss her gently on the cheek before rising. Genma bows and hands me the spare cloak, which I quickly throw on. "Take care of things here until we get back. I'm off."
I leave with my companion, jogging through the forest and the thick snow that is layered over the earth. Kurenai's scent is in my memory, and I sample the air as much as I can to try and locate her. Eventually, I pick something up and start moving towards it. That has to be her.
Two quick barks sound out, confirming my suspicions. The figure ahead is casually moving as we approach, and I stop a fair distance away.
"..."
We stand at length and go through our hand signals. As we finish the correct sequences for the day, I sigh with relief. It's her for sure.
"Kurenai."
"Lili."
I run to her and wrap my arms around her waist. She hugs me back just as quickly, and we stand together in the snow quietly for a while. I don't think I've ever been this happy and relieved to feel her warmth before. I was...really worried.
"Good morning, by the way," I say into her jacket.
"Good morning."
"It's wonderful to have you home."
"Yeah. I feel the same. You came out all this way to look for me. Guess you were pretty worried, eh?"
"Not too much," I say as we separate. "You were just a little late coming back, so...I thought I would see what was happening. A leader has to look out for everyone, doesn't she?"
"I guess so. You're worse than me, you know."
"How so?"
"Calling me a tsundere and then acting like this," she says with a smile. "It's just like you."
"So should I leave you to wander through the snow alone next time?"
She laughs softly and pats my head. I feign a bit of anger at her, but...she has me figured out.
"I bet you didn't eat breakfast yet."
"It wouldn't have been right if everyone wasn't present."
"I see."
"You look a bit weary, even considering the circumstances. Did anything serious happen? What became of the bishounen?"
"Him...I took care of him after the wolf mask woman left," Kurenai says. We start to walk back to camp together. "Shino's insect copy got whacked by her, and I figured that I only had a short time to react before she got me too. So I layered two genjutsu: one visual, and one scent-based. Worked out better than I hoped, and I used it to hide and spy on Moyasu when nothing ended up happening to him. So she took off after their conversation, and then I put the fucker in the spin cycle."
"Ah, well done. There's a reason you're an elite, you know."
"Thanks. So I got him to talk about his plan, etcetera etcetera, he had some sort of remote on him that was bad news so I got him to disable it after learning all the details. Tested him a bit more by disabling the genjutsu, he looked shocked to see that I was still around but didn't say much. We got to the border safely, and he's in the custody of the Hot Water border patrol now. They've called the Frost in to take care of the rest."
"Hm."
"Exposing him would have been difficult. My word against his, and I doubt that accusing someone affiliated with the government of treason would have gone over well. We can make the report back home and raise awareness internally, of course..."
"That was more than enough, Kurenai. You were brilliant. Especially since you did well not to be killed by Fubuki."
"Was that her name?"
"Yes. Fubuki Inugami. She has passed on by now...we had a duel, as part of several cascading agreements with her and her elder brother, Yamato. He is the Inugami Clan head at current. We deduced many things around the same time as you did, including the fact that Moyasu betrayed all of us."
"So you fought her and won, huh...managing to get out of a tough situation like that is just like you," she says with a nod. "So...what's happening at the moment?"
"Well, as part of the agreement made earlier, our group was able to continue living, and I made a demand of Yamato that he live as well, doing as Ittan asks. She has made the decision to live in the forest from here on, bearing children for the sake of the Inugami and becoming the clan mother."
"Uh." Kurenai blinks. "That's...certainly an escalation."
"She expressed her desire to save the clan and the forest privately with me as we were travelling up here. So it wasn't terribly surprising to me. Still very bold, though. And quite brave. I admire her for that."
"Yeah, I feel the same...what a girl." A pause. "Listen, Lili...thanks for looking after everyone."
"You don't need to say that much, Kurenai."
"I feel like I should. Something like this is a whole lot to put on anyone's shoulders, but especially yours. I know that you're a jounin. That you're accepted as an elite shinobi in our village, and throughout the shinobi world. But you're still a young girl. That's what I think about about sometimes."
"It is true. I...do feel it from time to time. The sort of weight that comes down from time to time. But it's thanks to people like you that I can endure, and can continue to grow brilliantly. Kurenai...thank you for your concern. I truly appreciate it."
"Any time, Lili."
I give her a bright smile.
"We can exchange notes properly later. I'm sure you'll find paperwork relaxing, as you always do."
"There is a soothing element to it, yes. Writing notes and drinking tea...ah, Temari may have been right."
"About what?"
"Being a dirty old man in a young girl's body."
"Sheesh. And I thought your tongue was sharp."
"Right? She's very spicy, one of the things I truly adore about her."
"That and the legs, you mean."
"Yes."
"Mm...hers really are nice, though. I'm kinda jealous..."
The worst is finally over. Kurenai has returned safely, and breakfast is ready as soon as we make it back to our base camp. We eat heartily and make plans in the meantime for our final trip to the border. The device is safe, no longer set to explode at Moyasu's whim. He is far away at the Frost Country border, unable to do us any harm. And with Yamato on our side, there should be no risk of interlopers ruining the mission any further.
So now, that leaves us with two options. Option one, destroy the device and create a cover story later. It's a dangerous thing, a threat to life itself. I know that much now. Option two, however...is even more appealing to me. And so, that is what we will go with today. A safe, convenient, and most importantly nigh-untraceable method of sabotage.
"I would like to have a look at the device, to see exactly how it works. An inspection is in order since Moyasu isn't here," I announce as I finish eating. "The last thing we should want is to complete the mission and then find out that something was damaged or came loose, and that we could have repaired in the meantime."
"I...don't think that's a good idea," Takato protests. "The machine's components are highly-"
"Yes, fine. I get it," I say with a sigh. "Keep your secrets to yourself, I don't care."
"I mean, I can explain to you what's going on in there at least. I'll have a look and then tell you if anything is actually wrong. Isn't that fair enough?"
I look over to Ittan who nods.
"Yes, I suppose so. Once we're all finished eating you can tell all about your fancy little machine."
Afterwards we sit down together and he begins to lecture me like a small child. I'm reminded of just how happy I will be once this mission is over and done with. I pick up information about the key components and start to put together a plan in my head.
"Hm...I really don't understand a lot of it, honestly. It would really help if I saw what things looked like, since I'm more of a visual learner," I say to him.
"Well...I guess one look is fine. It's not like you could ruin anything."
Prick. I smile sweetly at him. "Thank you so much. I really just want to do my job properly, you know?" We're on our way. Ittan is nearby as planned, and we exchange looks as Takato takes me to the device near the centre of the camp. He gets to one knee and opens the case, just as Ittan comes strolling in.
"Oop-!"
"Ahh!" She falls on top of Takato, knocking him to the ground. With the case wide open, I quickly flip through my memories and identify the mechanical components that I should target...right there. I quickly send electricity through my fingers and into the metal, pushing energy through the system. Once it's connected to everything else...it will definitely become overloaded with power, destroying the system from the inside out. And just to make extra sure things go the way I want, I slip a charged senbon inside before pulling my hand away. Ittan has done well to make a big show of her falling, and she picks herself up as soon as I catch her eye again.
"Ah, sorry~! Lots of snow around, really slippery and all!"
"Ugh, you stupid-" He pauses as I stare into his back. "I mean...just don't let it happen again. I've eaten enough snow on this nightmarish trip..."
"Right. Sorry again~"
"It's...it's fine." He fixes his clothing and turns to me again. "Now...I'll explain this to you as simply as I can..."
He eventually finishes blathering on, and I insincerely thank him for his 'effort' in condescending to me. The case for the device is closed, with him being none the wiser. Hopefully Moyasu isn't any savvier than this, but if he is then the feint with the senbon will likely throw him off to the nature of the true plan.
"Kobacchi, I'm gonna check the auto again. Wanna come with?"
"Sure. Let's take a walk."
We head back to the site where the motorized carriage sits, now covered with a thick layer of snow. I clear enough of it away so that Ittan can work properly, flipping up the hood and standing on the bumper to look inside. There's nice weather out today and plenty of light to use.
"Yeah...too much going on. It's screwed. Really can't fix it out here." She closes the hood and hops back down to the ground. "They'll probably get a few strong animals out here to pull it back to the Frost, so that's not my problem any longer."
"Is there anything in there we need to collect?" I ask.
"Nah, should be cleaned out. We're good."
"Alright. You're really going to be okay out here with Yamato?"
"Yeah. We kinda hit it off already, but...he's not gonna be railing me for the sake of the clan just yet, you know? We're gonna get to know each other a lot better first. Talk about family and stuff...see how I do raising any sort of kids first off, since we already have some little ones to take care of. Living arrangements, all that. I think things will be fine. He's really got it together."
"I would expect that much of a clan head."
"Maybe. My experience is that guys who are groomed to succeed their parents and all that are idiot snobs. Dated a few. Mostly assholes."
"Mm. You're not wrong there."
"Figured as much. But...like I said, we'll send word to you when our first baby comes. Don't kill yourself trying to be here for the live birth, either. It's fine if you're a few minutes late, or whatever."
"Yes. You really are an admirable girl, Reiko."
"Heh. I try. Thanks, Lili. For everything."
And so, the mission finally comes to a close. We dismantle our camp, gather our belongings, and start towards the Hot Springs border on foot. Yamato escorts us halfway with his wolf cousins and then bids us farewell.
"Before you go...uh, Rei? A few minutes?" he asks Ittan.
"That okay, Kobacchi?"
"It surely is. Go on, and take your time."
"Thanks. Alright, big boy. What's happening this time?" The two walk away a fair distance before starting their conversation. It's about a half hour long, which would feel tiresome in this climate if not for the day's nice weather. We make a small igloo as a group while waiting, and I finish the chimney as Ittan comes back, looking pleased with herself. Yamato gives us all one last wave before returning the way he came.
"Anything you would like to tell us?" Kurenai asks Ittan.
"Nope~! All confidential stuff for now."
"I see. Well, I guess that's alright, considering everything...and the mission's almost over anyways. I can see the border."
We're greeted by a coalition of shinobi, two companies from Hot Springs and Frost. The latter seem to be especially on edge and eager to take control of the next half of the mission. Nothing but a stone path along the ground is there to indicate that we're on the edge of Hot Water Country.
"The device, now," one of them barks.
I say nothing and nod to Takato, who takes the device to them and opens it up. It's a quick scan to see if anything is obviously out of place, and they seem satisfied as they close the case.
"You, mechanic, over here."
"Cranky bastards, ain't they," Ittan says with a smile. "Lili, I'll see you. Take care of yourself."
"Always. Be well, my love." We exchange friendly kisses before Ittan heads across to the other side of the border.
"Report. What happened to the vehicle?" another one says. "Which one of you is in charge here?"
Everyone present points towards me.
"Good morning to you. I would appreciate a bit more patience and courtesy on your end before I continue," I say politely.
"Listen, we're not-"
"What you're not going to do is speak to me with your filthy mouth like that," I counter. "Show some respect or we fuck off and go home, and you can figure everything out yourselves. Do we have an understanding, little man?"
"...ma'am. Please, if you would give us...a report on the incident," he says, flustered. Genma snorts while trying to hold in a laugh and Hana silently scolds him.
"Very good. I would be happy to do so," I say. "My name is Lilith Kobayashi, jounin of the Hidden Leaf and mission leader. The vehicle which we were given to use as transport broke down in the forest, a few miles south of us. As our mechanical expert Miss Inaba will tell you, the reason why the machine is out of commission is due to user error on the part of Mister Matou. After we set up camp, we came under attack by terrorists. They wore masks, so we could not ascertain their identities, but we did manage to drive them away after an intense battle. As you can see, the device has been secured, and all members are now in the custody of the Hidden Frost."
"Fine. The other scientist is safe with us. As of now, your part in this mission is over. Take this scroll and return to your village. We will send a message to the Hidden Leaf as soon as we reach our home village."
He throws me a scroll and I catch it. The group leaves shortly afterwards, without another word.
"So that's it, huh," Genma says. "Anti-climactic, not that I'm complaining any."
"It seems to be so," I say as I put the scroll away. "We've done what we needed to, and we are all safe. All has ended well. Thank you everyone, you've done very well these past few days. I appreciate all of you."
"After all of the danger it presented...you gave them the device," Shino says.
"Of course I did. It's going to cause them problems, and I made sure of that myself. I was allowed to look at it for a bit, you see...various things happened. You know how it goes. So, now that we're done here, we should head home. It won't take very long since it's just us shinobi now, and we're not forced to ride around in a vehicle. Is everyone ready?"
"I'm good to go," Kurenai says as she raises her hands over her head.
"I am too," Hina says.
"The same," Shino follows.
"Ready over here," Hana says. The Haimarus all bark after her.
"Yep, let's head home," Genma says. "Hell of a trip. I should hang out with you more often, Princess."
"Really."
"Well, if you clean up as well as you did today, it's practically a vacation. And any excuse to push around Kurenai is good."
"Oi."
"He does have a point, you know. There's just something about the reactions you elicit..."
"You know, it wouldn't be too much of a hassle if I transferred off of the team-"
"Sensei, don't talk like that. You won't leave us," Hina scolds her.
"Why not?"
"You adore us far too much," Shino says.
"The hell I do. Lili is an awful influence on you two. You used to be such good kids!"
"Kurenai, you're exaggerating," Hana says as we start to run together. "You love her to bits, and you know it."
"The whole world's gone crazy...siding with the biggest brat I've ever known. What did I do to deserve this?"
"A brat, eh. I'll remember that, Miss Yuuhi."
"Yeah, well I hope you do."
We look at each other for a moment, then burst into laughter.
Two days pass before we make it back home, without incident. Kurenai agrees to deliver the reports by hand, and everyone goes their separate ways. The afternoon warmth of the Leaf is very soothing after so many days in the cold. I miss Ittan already, but...well, hopefully the next time I visit, it's in late spring or something to that effect.
"I'm home."
My voice drifts into the empty apartment. Luna is still away, and Midori has to be busy with her own things. I can always ask her about certain things later, when everyone is together again. Oh, it's been a busy time. I feel stiff from that monumental effort of a few days ago, and to fix that a hot bath will do. I make myself some tea and take it into the bath with me, soaking in perfectly heated water.
"Ah, delicious..."
I smile and close my eyes, enjoying the scents and sensations that surround me.
The phone nearby rings a few minutes later. I wonder who it might be. Ino, perhaps?
"Good afternoon, Lili Kobayashi speaking. Oh, Tsume. Thank you, it's wonderful to be back. Yes, I meant to talk to you about that, but you were on a mission, so...yes. Yes, of course. Hana was splendid, and I'm glad that I took her along. There was a bit of a rough patch that she was indispensable for." I sip my tea. "Mm. Yes. No need to worry, nothing like that went on. I did promise to be a good girl. Besides, there was another cutie that was vying for my attention on the trip. Oh? No, I'm actually in the bath right now, having myself a lovely time. I have nothing else scheduled for the next little while. The Inugami Clan, yes. I would like to hear more about them, if you had the time..."


Chapter 92
Scarlet Justice - ep. 92"Divisible"[Crimson, Part 1]
It's another cold winter day.
Inside of the Hyuuga compound, Hina and I go through several of her kata together, working up a sweat in one of the many training areas. The flowing movements and focus on aesthetic help greatly with chakra flow and chakra control, as well as physical flexibility. It definitely came in handy on the last major mission, against Fubuki. I have to wonder how many more people like her are out there...or really, how many people like me exist in the wild. Those with untapped potential...
Hina slowly walks around and catches her breath as we finish. She runs a towel over her face and I do the same while walking beside her.
"Thank you for doing this with me," she says.
"All you have to is ask. I'll do whatever I can to be there for you when you call, Hina."
"I'm glad to hear that. I always am. Ah...today was intense, though. I might be getting carried away because of you, you know."
"As long as you get carried away properly. Just picture yourself in a few years, Hina. A healthy, voluptuous beauty."
"I wonder about the voluptuous part."
"Every night, I pray for you to blossom into one of the Leaf's finest beauties. Alongside me, of course."
"You don't do that." She blinks. "Do you?"
I put my hands on my hips. "Surely you don't take me for a liar?"
"You shouldn't petition heaven for such silly things," she says with a smile. "But thank you. I hope that I can meet your expectations, and mine. I wonder...would he notice, though?"
"Probably not."
"You're right." She sighs. "But I remember what you told me on that day, when we first met at the Academy. I'll fight on, no matter what. Eventually, I'll have to get through to him."
"That's the spirit."
"Well, if it's all the same to you...I think I would like a shower and then some rest. We don't have any missions scheduled, but anything can happen."
"Yes, that's right. I'll leave you to it, then."
"You shouldn't go home all sticky, you know. Please use one of the guest showers before you leave, and take a set of clothes with you."
"I'll do that. Wouldn't be good to ruin my new jacket so soon," I say with a light laugh.
"Good. Will you have time for a chat later?" she asks.
"I should. I won't be busy with anything today. You'll get a call from me later."
"Alright. Stay warm on your way back, Lili." We trade air kisses before she leaves. I find my way to one of the guest rooms and the shower nearby, washing away the dirt and sweat from earlier. There is indeed a plain white robe ready for use on one of the shelves, and I throw it on after folding up my own clothing properly. I put on my jacket over top of my clothing and venture out into the cold air of the village, heading home along the rooftops quickly.
"Hm...I should take a proper bath once I get inside. It would be very lovely in this sort of weather."
My eyes spot something strange as I near my home. Someone in the vicinity, just leaving the steps. There's an object attached to the front door...an envelope, pierced by a curved knife. Whoever it is has jumped onto the rooftops and is making their way out of sight. But they won't run from me. I dump my clothing in front of the door and take off after the messenger, ignoring the biting cold as I close distance in an instant. By the time they turn their head to check on their surroundings, it's too late.
"Mine."
I stretch my left hand forward and several snakes shoot out from my sleeve, biting into the person just ahead and binding them in a coiling, pulsing mass. We land on the nearest roof and I look at my catch with disdain.
"If this was part of some prank, you've made an extremely poor choice," I say with malice. "You're coming with me."
"No, wait...I can explain-"
"You will explain. I will make sure of it, boy." I put his struggling form over my shoulder and make for home once more. Irritating little bastard...making me run around with clothing this thin, and in this weather. He's done a fine job of pissing me off if that was indeed his goal. But I have a feeling this is just the start of it.
I drop him in front of the door without ceremony and fish my key from my jacket pocket. Opening the door, I remove the knife and envelope attached to the front of it, then pick up my clothing and toss the items into my room.
"Gods, it's cold right now...I can't believe this nonsense."
"I-"
"Shut the fuck up," I say while kicking the idiot in the back. I then pick him up by the neck and toss him to the floor inside, closing the door afterwards. "Lie there like the useless fuck you are. I'm going to put on warm clothing."
He groans as I head into my room, taking off the robes and putting on my warm pyjama bottoms along with a sweater. I feel better immediately. Some tea would be nice, but...I have urgent business to take care of. I walk back into the common area and turn the boy over with my foot. I just as easily use my toes to pull away the face covering he was using. This really is just a boy. Young, and obviously foolish. Inexperienced...but knowledgeable enough to know not to squirm too much in my presence.
"You're...just a kid?" he squeaks out.
I press my foot into his neck and he panics.
"Agh...I didn't...mean that..."
"I told you to shut the fuck up. You can cooperate, or I can crush your windpipe right here and now. Do you understand me?" I say evenly.
He nods and I lift my foot from his neck. I take the knife and envelope into one hand and pull a chair from the kitchen table with the other, setting it down next to him before I take a seat. I cross my legs and twirl the knife in one hand, letting the room settle into silence for a while.
"I am going to ask you several questions. If I desire a yes or no answer, I will end my question with the words yes or no," I say to him in a calm voice. "For all other questions, I want you to answer with as much detail and accuracy as possible. Please do not lie to me. I will find out, I promise you. I can feel your heartbeat through your chest, against the floor. I can hear your breathing. I can see the way your eyes move back and forth. If you lie to me, I will kill you. Do you understand, yes or no?"
"Yes, ma'am," he answers in a small voice.
"Good boy. I am simply upset right now, and that is why you are in your current state. If you do as I tell you, I will become calmer...and soon enough, you will be gently sent off into the world once more. You would like that, wouldn't you? Go ahead and answer."
"Yes. Yes, ma'am."
"That's a good boy. You're doing well." I stop spinning the knife around and examine it in my hands. "Now...here is a question for you. Why did you attach this letter, with this knife, to my front door?"
"I-I was ordered to by someone, ma'am...a man. He was a...a giant, he gave me no name..."
"I see. How long ago was this?"
"One day ago, ma'am."
"Yesterday...alright. What else can you tell me about this transaction?"
"The giant...he promised me one hundred thousand ryo when I reported back..."
"One hundred thousand. A rather princely sum for a simple delivery. I have my suspicions that he never meant to pay you that amount."
"W-what...? Why would...?"
"You really are a naive little boy. Upon completion of your task, you would likely be killed. I assume this person did not reveal their face to you in full, and made all of their subsequent communications through a broker or someone similar?"
"Y-yeah...how did you know all that? Just by...asking?"
"I am just a bit more experienced than you first assumed." I pause a moment. "You were offered money to deliver this note here. That means you were given this specific address, weren't you?"
"Yes."
"Which means the person knew me or knew of me. A giant...that's entirely unfamiliar to me," I mutter. "What is in this letter?"
"I dunno...I never opened it..."
"You would make a decent courier, at the least. So this wasn't a prank after all. This was deliberate." I lick the outside of the letter once and focus. Nothing of note...no strange substances, like a poison or powder. No unusual chemicals. Nothing on the knife either. Standard items. But the curved knife...it's some sort of throwing knife. Very good balance on it. Not only that, but it looks and feels expensive, like some sort of collector's item. Is there a message that I'm supposed to be getting from this item? What am I missing?
The letter simply has 'Kobayashi' printed on it in the requisite characters. It's definitely addressed to me, if the boy was directed to this particular place to drop it off.
"I can't think of anything else to ask you. It seems that you were caught up in an unfortunate situation. But do me a small favour, yes? Don't take assignments from strange men without going through the proper channels. If I was in a worse mood you would be a corpse right now, being fed to one of Ane-ue's hungry little cousins as an evening snack. Understood?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Good. Now you're going to leave this village as soon as I release you. A moment." I rise from my seat and walk past the boy on the floor into my room. The little cache should be here...yes, perfect. I peel some banknotes from the roll I have, and count off ten thousand before stopping. Rolling up the little bundle, I put a rubber band around it and head back, snapping my fingers to have the snakes release themselves from around the boy's body. They disappear up my pant legs, and I watch my unwitting guest get to his feet slowly.
"Here."
"Uh...I-"
"Do you remember what I said earlier?"
"Shut...the fuck up?"
"Shut the fuck up. Take the money. Don't be a damned idiot after coming this far."
He nods and takes the roll of money from me.
"Ten thousand. That's a tenth of what the mystery man promised, but you should be satisfied with that much and leaving with your life and limbs intact. Stay far away from him, or anyone else like him. Don't report back. Do you have a home, yes or no?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Then go back to it and stay there. And use that money to make something more for yourself." I nod towards the door. "Get the fuck out of my house. Pray to all the gods you know that we never see each other again."
"Yes, ma'am."
"Good boy. Now fuck off."
He nods gratefully and picks up his headgear before opening the door. I hear him scamper down the stairs before jumping the last few steps and then taking off into the distance.
"Couldn't even close the door. Fuckwit."
I sigh with frustration and slam the door before locking it. It's possible the day could get worse, but I don't want to tempt fate. This has been exhausting enough already.
"The letter..."
Right. I still have to open it. What could have been so secretive that some random boy had to deliver it blind? I move the chair back to the table and sit down before running the knife lightly over the top of the envelope. After that, I delicately pull out the letter inside. The paper feels a bit thick...it's folded over twice.
As I unfold it, I'm greeted with...the most bizarre thing imaginable.
"What...the hell is this?"
The characters on the paper have been pasted on. Cut outs from multiple sources...magazines, newspapers, books, manga...they're arranged in a haphazard fashion, chaotic in nature. It looks like a ransom note that one would see in movies. But it's not a ransom.
It's a threat.
EVeryTHING yOU hoLd DEar wiLL reTURN TO asheSevERYthing You loVE WiLL beCOME dUsTthE burNING has alREADy begUNTHE FIRE riSES
This...what kind of sick joke is this supposed to be?
"Fucking nonsense. I should find that boy again and...what's this." I spot something that I missed, on the back of the letter. That accounts for the extra thickness...it's a photo, taped on backwards. Cut into a small square as well. I remove it to take a look.
This is...Emi and Luna. They're outside in the garden, but this picture...it's been taken without their knowledge. I can see branches in the frame, like someone was hiding...spying on them. And on the bottom of the photograph...a single word.
 -WITNESS-
I'm trembling. I realize what's happening now. That threat wasn't for me. It was for my loved ones. Whoever this person is...they're taunting me. Saying that Emi and Luna are going to die.
Telling me that I can't do a thing about it.
"No...that can't be the case. It can't be true. There's...no, stop. Calm down." I take several deep breaths in as I run to my bedroom. I find whatever is wearable and put it on. A sturdy hooded sweater and a pair of pants will do. I ready my tools, pull on my sandals, and inspect the letter one last time before putting it securely into a pocket.
I have to be calm. I have to keep it together, for everyone's sake. One day...twenty four hours.
First...make a call.
Midori-nee...I need your help urgently.
Lili, my love. What's wrong?
I...just got a suspicious letter. Some child attached it to my door, and I interrogated him, but...nothing. There's been a threat against the estate, Luna and Emi especially.Goodness. I'll have a look...hold on a moment. This isn't...right.
Ane-ue...please tell me everything is okay.
Dammit. I can't contact Luna. Worse than that...I can't even locate her.
Can't locate? What does that mean?She's either in a place that I can't reach her, or she's trapped behind some sort of advanced barrier. And...it's covering a wide area, or someone has targeted my Fire Country home as well. I can't go there either. Someone is definitely after them.
This really can't be happening. Please...
Lili, sweetie. Be calm. Take deep breaths, okay?
I-I'm trying...sorry.
You have nothing to apologize for. Okay, listen to me. I'm going to do what I can to investigate on this end. Meanwhile, you have to run as fast as you can towards the mansion and survey what's happening on the ground. If any trouble comes of this, I can work something out with Sarutobi. I know that it's an unsavoury thing, to intervene so boldly in your affairs, but these may be very drastic times.
Yes, I understand. I'm on my way out now.
Don't burn up too much energy on the way there. There's no telling what kind of nasty traps might be waiting if they have this sort of barrier technology available. It feels like...I'm being rejected in one way or another whenever I try to reach out for Luna. No summoning, no reverse summoning. I just have to wonder who the hell is behind this...they know too much about me.
I'm still focused enough to operate at a high level. I...can do this. I know I can.
Forty-five minutes has to be the limit.
Remember what I said. Travelling at high speed is one thing, sustaining it for that long is quite another. Be steady, my love. Luna and Emi are strong, vibrant women. If anything is happening, they will not go quietly into the night. Believe in them.
I will. Ane-ue, I'm off. I will see you again soon.Take care, Lili.
I shut off the lights in the apartment, leave a note on the front door, and ultimately leave the apartment through my bedroom window, sealing it from the outside. Then I tense my legs and start my run through the village, going as fast as I can safely before reaching the front gates.
Once I'm clear, I push myself to full speed. My chakra mode surges on and I rush through the forest. The mansion is a good distance away...well over fifty kilometers, possibly close to a hundred. I can move quickly, but it's as Midori said - endurance runs and combat runs are entirely different things, and most of my high speed movement comes in bursts during combat. I don't want to overexert myself and end up useless once I reach my destination. I have to keep my head...even as much as it hurts right now.
I don't know what is going on, and it scares me like nothing else. Whoever this is...they're too intimate with our relationships. They know just about everything. Enough to seal off Luna's ability to call for the strongest help there is, enough to spy on her and Emi without them knowing, enough to find my address and send out a note taunting me. This...this is almost too much to bear. I just hope that they're okay. That they're alive.
I have to make it in time. I just have to.
It's so tempting just to burst forward and...but I can't. I have to conserve my energy. The opponent is unknown, and likely to be extremely powerful. A protege of Orochimaru, like Kimimaro? An enemy from another village? A mercenary? Does that so called giant from before have anything to do with this?
My head is throbbing. I have to stop whipping myself into a frenzy like this...steady breaths. Focus on my running.
And...I'll pray endlessly. I need everything...and everyone...to be okay.


Chapter 93
content warning: not really sure how to class this one, but there's a bunch of stuff in here. it's mainly violent emotional trauma, suicidal ideation, and various states of mental distress happening rapidly. some people have mentioned relating to Lili a bit through the story, so it's best to be aware. other possibly harmful things are depictions of psychological abuse and severe panic attacks. the chapter features an intense rush of these things at one point. please enjoy the chapter responsibly.
please read the content warnings just in case. thank you for your support as always.
Scarlet Justice - ep. 93"Void Heart"[Crimson, Part 2]
I see unnatural colour in the afternoon sky. Smoke...black, and billowing upwards.
It provides two pieces of information. One, that I'm likely not too late to make a difference. Two...that my loved ones really are in trouble right now.
"It's really no good...god damn it all."
I grit my teeth and continue to run. This should be past the half way point, even if it feels like it's been an eternity since I left the village. Midori still hasn't contacted me, so she must be working hard on solving this mystery. All I have to do is work hard and give her as much assistance as she needs. Even then...god, I feel so useless. I need to be able to do something, to make a difference that I can see. Or at least, see Emi and Luna well...
Lili, it's me.
Ane-ue! What's happened? Are they okay, are they with you?
Emi is here with me. She's managed to escape to a safe place. Luna is still inside.Still inside?! Why, then? Why aren't you-
Lili. Slow down a moment. Be calm.
I let out a harsh breath and focus on steadying my heart. This is...maybe too much to take in. I'm losing control too often. Midori is right...I have to calm down a little.
Yes. I'm sorry...
As I said before, you don't need to apologize. You're in pain right now. I just want you to be at your best so that you can make a difference, like I know you badly want to. Tell me when you're ready and I will call you to my side.
Yes. I look down the road and take some more calming breaths. Ane-ue, I'm ready.
Good. Hold tight, now.
I feel myself become weightless for a moment before disappearing, then landing on my feet in the next moment somewhere else. The smell of smoke and burning material is intense...and along with that, far too much blood has been spilled. In front of my eyes is my old home, burning profusely. Tongues of flame reach out of windows and up the sides of structures, consuming plant life instantly and scorching everything in their paths. The mansion staff, maids and butlers, cleaners and cooks...all sorts of people are doing their best to head away from the horrific scene. Some carry their coworkers, others have collapsed, still others hobble away with broken and even missing limbs.
"Lilith?"
"Mother...Emi!" I snap out of my daze and run to her, smothering her in the warmest hug that I can give. "You're safe...thank the heavens above, you're safe..."
"I'm glad that you're safe, too...I was scared that something had happened to you as well." I release her and finally get a good look at her face. She looks worn out, completely exhausted and just starting to recover. The dress she wears is stained all over, dirt and soot and ash and blood...everything about her suggests that this has been a complete nightmare.
"Emi could only summon me outside, with the charm that I gave Luna as a present," Midori says. She must have been in the middle of something before I called. Her green hair is braided and looped at the back of her head, with a red sundress going down to her knees. Several gold bands are around her wrists, making slight sounds with her movements. "There's a barrier around the entire estate, and another one coming from the direction of my own mansion that overlaps it. We're sitting outside the effective range, but..."
She frowns and stretches her hand forward...and as she does so, smoke starts to stream from her skin.
"I can feel it. That much is an issue...the barrier was custom made to try and keep me out. Brute force is an option, but not a very good one. I know this technology. Manda used to use it to keep undesirables away. People like me." She lets out a breath and turns to me. "Luna is alive. She's inside of the mansion, and that's because she bought time for Emi to escape. One of the reasons your dear mother looks so haggard right now is because she was poisoned earlier."
"Poisoned? But then..."
"As the empress of many serpents, I hold the greatest and least traits of all of them. Countering poison is a simple matter with my blood. Emi is fine now, and that extends to the child growing inside of her. Which leaves our Luna...she's in trouble, even if I can't sense her current state at the moment."
"I'm sorry," Emi says quietly.
"I can see where Lili got that habit from. This is far from your fault, Emi. Now...we're going to make a difference, together. Luna can hold on for just a bit longer while we figure out what exactly we're up against. Please tell us what you know."
"Yes." Emi moves away some of her frazzled black hair. "Mercenaries flooded into the mansion and attacked a few hours ago. The help did what they could to try and fight back, but...it ended up being futile. There were two leaders that could not be stopped, no matter what anyone attempted. Extremely...strong shinobi." She pauses and takes a breath in. "They are still inside. The two targets were definitely myself and Luna. For a while, we were separated. Everyone did their best to protect me, and I tried to draw on my training. But because of the poison, I was weak and slow. I...saw Sara..."
I take Emi's hand and give it a reassuring squeeze.
"She...gave me time to escape upstairs and find Luna. But because she was singled out for her fighting skill by one of the mercenary leaders...she was killed. Along with so many others. Just...slaughtered senselessly. She sniffles. "Luna and I reunited. She defended me against one of the murderers, and fended him off long enough so that we could head to the top floor. After that, she gave me her charm and then used herself as a distraction, fighting off those two men...even if she was at a disadvantage. I made it to one of the windows and ran until I could see the charm glowing. And after calling Midoriko..."
"We've arrived at this moment," Midori finishes. "The two men, those leaders...what can you tell us about them?"
"Yes. There was...a giant with strange eyes, and a covering over the lower half of his face. He had a headband, like the one Lili wears. But there was a large line going across it. The other man was a serial killer, someone truly insane. He carried a giant scythe, with three blades. I...I saw Luna cut him during their brief fight, and he didn't even react. He...looked like he was immortal."
"An immortal...that's hard to believe, even for me. Do you have more details?"
"Yes. He...he kept screaming about a Lord Jashin. And sacrifices. I-I didn't catch...wait, no. I did. I did hear his name, from the other man. It was Hidan."
"Hidan...I don't know that name. But I know of Jashin...he is real, but he is the furthest thing from a god, I can assure you of that. And the name of the other?"
"It was...Kakuzu."
"A giant?" I ask. "That boy...the messenger from earlier. He mentioned such a person. It confirms that this entire siege was planned out, and by someone with an intimate knowledge of the mansion and its inhabitants."
"Kakuzu...I wouldn't know that name either," Midori says. "But if they have such strange abilities..."
"T-there were strange monsters with masks...they had many black threads coming from them," Emi says.
"Thread monsters with masks...very serious, indeed. They may be immortals yet, in at least one sense. Luna...we need to go in and rescue her, but once we enter this barrier we can only retreat manually. No space-time techniques of any kind will be permitted, based on what Emi had to go through earlier. So fighting head-on will be the only answer."
"I don't like the idea of you going inside, Ane-ue," I say. "If the barrier causes you trouble from out here, it's more than likely that the pressure will increase the closer you get to the source."
"That much is true. I suspected it myself. There's not much time, as much as we've been able to conference. Our first step needs to be finding the location where the barrier is being projected from. It's likely guarded, or on the person of one of the two mercenaries inside. This will also result in Luna being strengthened, since she has an array of snake arts that I've taught her."
"Buying her more time and a chance to escape to us," I say.
"Yes. There is another option that will save time...it's to head straight in and defeat the two main attackers as fast as we can. But as we've outlined, it's extremely risky like this."
"You also mentioned the possibility of traps. Ane-ue, I think it would be best if you moved to locate the barrier. This means that you can also watch out for my mother at the same time. Luna...if she's well enough, then we should be able to team up and at least exit the mansion promptly, giving us an extra pair of hands to work with. I won't be affected by the barrier in the same way that you are."
"And you're strong enough on your own. Yes, that seems like a very sensible plan..."
I can hear something distant in the next moment. That...was a scream. I know that voice...
"T-that was..." Emi clasps her hands together.
"Luna." Whatever fear I had left has been replaced with anger. My blood is boiling. "Ane-ue..."
"Go. Make them regret their existence."
"I promise you. I will."
"Emi, stay here for now. You will be safe...I have things that I need to take care of."
"Yes. Midoriko, Lilith...please be safe, both of you. Come back to me."
"Yes, Mother. We will," I assure her. In the next moment, I accelerate forward, past the looming front gates and to the mansion entrance. I kick open the closed front door, sending it flying off its hinges. A veil of smoke greets me as I use my extra senses to survey the area. The last of the staff is clearing the mansion, leaving four other presences in the main foyer as I walk forward. It seems the fire has been suppressed here...
"..."
The smoke starts to clear, and light properly fills the ruined space around us. My chest burns hot as I see the scene in front of me.
"Luna...?"
"Miss...Lili..."
"Damn it all...you trash, you're in my way!" I yell. My legs tense and I flicker forward to grab Luna, scooping her up before anyone can react and sliding towards the foyer's rear exit.
"Is...is Emi...Midori...?"
"Please, Luna. You don't have to worry anymore. They're both safe...both of them are safe. It's alright..." She's pale and trembling in my arms, doing her best to stop crying. These monsters have beaten her...hurt her just for sport, enjoying themselves all the while. I can't stand it, seeing her hurt like this, her lovely face in ruins with cuts and bruises. This isn't fair...none of this is fair! She never deserved any of this!
"Safe...it's good...happy..."
"Luna..."
"I knew you...would come to us. I...love you."
"I love you too, Luna."
"I...have to stand..."
"You shouldn't."
"I need to in...case we want to run..." She lets herself down and tries to stand, only to start falling over. I catch her and gently set her on the ground.
"You've done more than enough, Luna. You have to stay here...I'll figure this out. Midori-nee is working on removing the barrier. Once that happens, we're home free."
"Yes..."
I fight back my tears and stand again, turning to face the three men in front of me. There's a strange black creature made of threads...one of the monsters that Emi mentioned. It moves towards the largest man in the room, the giant with the slashed headband. I can see that the symbol is that of the Hidden Waterfall, a minor village to the north of Fire Country...the creature disappears beneath the man's robes and doesn't reemerge. Robes that are black, with red clouds on them.
Itachi's current colleagues...these men are from Akatsuki.
The giant is Kakuzu. And the man with torn robes exposing his cut-up chest must be Hidan, the religious zealot who murders in the name of his false god. Both of his arms...have stitches going around them. Almost like his arms were sewn on at the elbows.
"..."
If he truly is someone that cannot die, then he must be the most dangerous. He slicks back his silver hair and brandishes his triple-bladed scythe at me.
"Oi...is this the bitch daughter that was supposed to show up? This fucking midget? I think we got paid a bit too much for this job, not that I give a shit," he says.
But I can barely hear him. Because my eyes are locked onto the man standing in front of them both. A person that was in the back of my mind, that I considered, to my shame...but never wished to be the culprit. Someone I know. Someone who knows me. Someone who would know about Luna, and Emi, and Midori...on a level that nobody else in this world, aside from me, would.
A person who chose to betray everyone he came in contact with.
A person who sent me to ruin, over and over and over again.
A person. A man. The one who helped give me life. The man who named me, but never once gave me a name.
I know this man. Leonidas Rothschild. My father.
At this moment, I can't see anything else. I can only...try to process this scene in front of me. The smell of burning. Everything...burning. All of the blood that fills my nose, from innocent people who didn't deserve any of this. Luna's heavy breathing from behind me, as she suffers quietly. I hardly know what to do anymore.
He looks the same as ever. Blonde hair, swept to the left. Blue eyes. An immaculate black suit, complete with leather shoes that have been polished to a mirror shine. He looks down on me, in the same way that he always did. Disappointed. Disdainful. Making me feel like I'm unimportant, like I'm useless. Those feelings, those memories come flooding back. All I can do is...ask.
"Why did...you do this?" My voice is weaker than I hoped it would be. I'm trembling slightly. I look into his eyes for understanding, but...there's nothing there to find. I feel a fear start to rise inside of me.
"The reasons are not complex. I simply saw an opportunity to correct...certain mistakes that I made in the past."
"Mistakes...is that how you saw Luna? How you saw Emi, and your unborn child?"
He says nothing, but his gaze tells me enough. I remember Hidan's outburst...they were expecting me. That letter was more than just taunting, it was bait for this moment.
"So...it wasn't just them, then," I conclude. "It's as I thought."
"..."
"I really...was your biggest regret, wasn't I."
"If that's what you think of yourself, then it must be so."
The words burn. But they're not...the worst that I've heard from him. I can endure it. I can still...still...
"I...I was never meant to be born. I was always just Lilith to you. I was never your daughter...I was never your child. Even though I tried so hard, every single day. I could never get away from it all. I despised you, but I always craved your attention. I wanted your affection, even as much as I would speak bitterly of you. I kept searching and searching for you, even though I knew in my heart that you would simply push me away. I thought that maybe, just maybe...you saw something beneath this red hair, beyond these amber eyes of mine. I thought that...despite everything that came between us...you would always be my father."
"I see." He...he really doesn't care. Standing in front of me, like this...I'm nothing to him.
I have been trying, this entire time, to detach myself. To put my emotions to the side, to focus. But after all of this, after the pain and the worry and the hurt...to find that my father was behind all of it, and worse, that he doesn't even care...
I...can't take it.
I'm crying.
"Mommy? Did I do something wrong? Does Daddy love me?"
"Oh, darling. Of course he does. No father in this world would truly hate their own child."
No father...would do such a thing. Mom told me that. She must have believed it, and I did as well. That's why I kept chasing, why I kept reaching for him. But...she was wrong, and so was I. I've found the man who would plunge his own daughter into darkness. I never wanted...this.
"You're crying...I suppose that only makes sense."
I sniffle and look up at him.
"You will always be a pathetic little girl, no matter how much training you do. No matter how many techniques you learn, or how strong you might get. You will always be this weak when it matters most."
I shake my head. "Please...don't do this. I was in love with you. I still love you, Daddy..."
"..."
"Even when I never saw your face...I prayed for your safety. I made wishes on every falling star I saw. You were always my Daddy, my Papa. How could I hate you? Even when you hurt me, I forgave you, I hoped against hope, I did everything I could to protect you. I tried my best to be a good girl, because I thought it would make you proud and happy."
"What is it that you want, Lilith? Use your words for once in your life," he says with anger.
"I want you to stop this!" I scream. "I want you to stop this, and turn yourself in! I want you to send those men away, and call off this madness! Maybe the blood on your hands can't be erased, but we won't know until we try! It's enough...you've proven your point, alright? Please, don't make me turn away from you. I don't want it. I don't want to lose you, even if it sounds terrible and pathetic. I never cared about the world, about what it thinks. I can accept you, I can love you as you are, and hope that you will change."
"..."
"Please...Papa." I reach out towards him. "I don't want to go. I don't want to leave you here. If we continue, like this...we will end up in a place that we can't come back from. I'll take on everyone's anger, on everyone's suffering for your sake. I can do it...I'll do it for you. Mom...it's what Mom would want. You're...my family. Let me save you. Let me help. Please..."
"..." He keeps looking at me, silent.
"Please. Daddy, say something. Come with me," I plead through my tears. "I'll pay the price. I'll do whatever it takes..."
"Begging...even now. This is the person you are. Just like your mother, then."
I feel myself shrinking further under his gaze. He sighs and shakes his head.
"I suppose that I was right from the start, and that it couldn't be helped. Something that couldn't be changed, no matter if the gods willed it themselves."
"Papa...?"
"I was right...you are a mistake, Lilith."
I can't...can't feel anything. My chest...my chest is...hollow.
The words won't come out of my mouth. Crying...I can't stop crying. I can't stop...shaking.
Why was it...those words. Five of them. Bringing me to ruin. I've never known such despair in my life. I want to die. I want to die. I want to die.
Why didn't he just...kill me...
"You two. Deal with her. That observation Hidan made may have been astute after all...but paying this amount to rid myself of troublesome issues like this is a bargain, at any level. The snake woman might be skulking around, so keep that in mind with everything else."
I'm...it's hard to breathe.
"Lili...have to...snap out of it...Lili..."
I can't see anything through these tears. Footsteps...coming closer.
"I'll handle her, Hidan. You go take care of the other problem. I have a feeling they're going to be clever and try to take down the barrier."
"Ah, yeah. Alright, I guess I'll go have a look. Wouldn't be much fun disembowelling a little girl, anyways. Hey, leave the body intact at least, yeah? Been a while since I could get any virgin girls for Lord Jashin's rituals..."
"Papa...please..."
My hand reaches for him as he turns and walks away.
"Please...it's not true...it's not..."
But my words...
...betray me.
I can no longer see the real world. My mind has faded to darkness. I am a sobbing, shambling wreck, a doll with her strings cut. That blow to my heart was something that I thought I could prepare for, but it was always futile.
I never wanted to hear those words come from him. I never wanted to accept that reality.
And because of that, I have fallen to pieces.
I know that the giant is lumbering towards me. That my father wants to see me and Luna dead, along with everyone else that I love. I know that I have to wake up, that I have to get moving in order to defend myself. But knowing and doing are two different things.
I am on the edge of a cliff. A golem that reaches towards the sky is at my back, walking closer and closer, erasing the land in front of it with each step. It will come. It will reach me. And it will crush me. That will be the end of it all. That will be the end of my life, of the suffering inside of my head. It will be the end of disappointing my father. The end of letting down everyone that I ever knew.
It wasn't supposed to hurt this much.
And in front of me, is the dark and cold abyss. That darkness, the same that exists inside of every shinobi. The place where, if they enter, they will never leave. Becoming the most hardened killers. Machines. People with singular purposes, who have no place in this world or any once their tasks are complete. Their mortal flesh slowly rots away until they become the void itself. Consumed.
I thought I was over him. I thought I was over everything that he said and did. I thought that I was stronger than this. But I was wrong. Because he's my father. He still is. Even now.
I can't get rid of these feelings for him and about him. I always wanted him to love me back. I longed for nothing else from him. I have crafted myself into a fine shinobi. Into a beautiful weapon. But that is not all that I am. I...wanted to be with my family. I didn't want Mom to die. I wanted to save her, but I was too small, I was too weak. And when my father took me into the void, I wanted to save him too. I wanted to protect him...but I still wasn't strong enough. I never wanted him to be sad, to be lonely like this. I didn't want...any of this.
I don't want to be scared.
I don't want to hurt any more.
The earth beneath me shakes as the golem comes closer. The end is coming. It's so close. What if I...if I just...
"..."
I feel...empty. Completely drained of all essence, in this moment. And it is now that I understand.
I know...what I must do.
I have lost a bond. I have had it severed violently. It's breaking me apart, but I still...can go on. I remember that there is hope...because I gave light to someone like this before.
"You don't have to remain where you are for the rest of your life."
I said...those words to Gaara. I believed in them then...I will believe in them now.
I...will believe in the person I have become. The person I became in spite of my father. In spite...of that man who called himself my father once before. This place, the cliff...it's the barrier between my conscious self and the void. It's what keeps my emotions flowing, what gives me my humanity. And the abyss below...that place is where I would fully transform into a weapon, into the shinobi of many nightmares that kill and murder without a second thought once ordered to.
I see it now.
I look back at the golem advancing once more before stepping forward. My feet take me into open space. I fall, and I land in the pitch black world without a sound. A sharp pain forms in my chest as I feel myself sinking, deeper and deeper with each passing moment.
The conscious self exists within every shinobi. Not even Gaara, the boy who was once an intense, ruthless killer, could escape it fully. He needed to stay afloat in the void. He needed an anchor, so he clung to love of himself and those hateful memories. He, with all of the hatred in his heart, could not fully destroy himself. He could not ever truly become the weapon he was meant to be.
But we are not the same.
I spread my arms wide. I open my mouth.
And I inhale.
"Humanity...is something fragile and precious."
"Yes. I know that very well."
"There will come a time where you will have to ascend beyond it, Lili. When that time comes...the choice you make will be permanent."
"Ane-ue...I'm not afraid. I know that I will still have love within myself, and because of that, I can overcome anything."
I remember her proud smile.
"Remember those words. You're my brilliant little sister...the girl who can do anything."
My sister said that I could become anything I wanted.
So here and now, I will become the perfect weapon.
I have swallowed the void. I have taken it into myself. I have become one with the darkness itself, and it flows through me. Emotion. Feeling. Wants, desires. All of it, gone. My mind is tuned to one thing, and one thing only. This objective.
I will destroy every enemy in my sight.
The pain of loss and despair was the final key. A once fragile human, her pieces gathered and reunited.
I am strength.
I am power.
I am whole.
I am the weapon who will cut through the darkness and deliver righteous justice.
I am the world serpent who will release her tail from her jaws and consume her enemies.
The world will bear witness to me, and it will tremble. I am terror herself.
I am she, the Crimson Nightmare.
My vision changes once more.
"Lili...!"
Luna calls to me, but she does not need to fear anything any longer. I see the giant called Kakuzu raise a fist, the colour changing from that of darkened flesh to a pitch black.
He pays me no attention. I make my presence known. I speak.
"It will not be as simple as you hoped for, mercenary."
"!"
I jump and flare up my chakra mode, launching a spinning kick that drives the larger man back onto his heels. He slides across the floor, fragments of rock falling downwards from his desperate, last moment guard.
An Earth release technique. How fortuitous.
"Imagine that...seems that you've finally shown up to battle," Kakuzu says. "But you won't get far against me. Not from what I've seen already, daddy's girl."
"Daddy's girl...you mistake me for someone else," I say tonelessly. My voice is calm, even, constant. There is no longer a waver. I do not hesitate. "I have no father."
"..."
Leonidas Rothschild stares at me from the background. I look at him and feel...nothing. My thoughts are quiet. My mind is clear and focused. I can see every movement, every strategy and plan, every action that I want and need to take. Everything else has truly been erased. I feel no fear. I feel no pain. There is no lust for battle, no excitement. I am in a perfect, unshakable state.
I am the shinobi of dreams and of nightmares. One who exists beyond the bounds of humanity itself.
This man with strange abilities...I will put an end to him. And then I will deal with that man standing behind him.
"You have dared to hurt my mother. You laid your filthy hands on my precious Luna. And you conspired to hurt my beloved elder sister. Your sins are numerous, and unforgivable. Thus, your sentence is death."
"Really, now. Come and deliver that sentence if you can, brat," Kakuzu says.
I plant my feet and activate the chakra mode once more.
"I will keep my promise to Ane-ue. I will make you regret your very existence, old man."


Chapter 94
content warning: uh. murder happens near the end of the chapter. it's not a particularly good thing. it's not shinobi on shinobi violence. there's also blood and stuff, and instances of graphic violence. but the big thing is killing happens and yeah. as always be careful when reading. things are pretty tense and intense so.
also there's esoteric japanese attack names in this chapter because I'm a huge weeb. enjoy.
Scarlet Justice - ep. 94"Caroline"[Crimson, Part 3]
"You're a little on the dangerous side, so I'll try to end this quickly. Anyone who has managed to learn a chakra mode like that should be taken at least a little seriously."
Kakuzu unclips his robe and tosses it away. There's a rumbling coming from his body and suddenly masses of black threads explode from his back, forming into distinct, almost humanoid shapes. These are the thread monsters mentioned earlier by Emi, all wearing a different type of mask. Two of them have decided to appear at Kakuzu's command.
With my senses tuned sharply, I can feel the chakra natures before even seeing them. The tiger-like mask charges flame, while the one with a beak and four legs charges wind. A large scale attack, then. Luna will be killed if I fail to neutralize it. Therefore, I must make an impact in the fastest possible time. I make seals quickly and gather water into my mouth.
"Disappear. Jiongu: Kimen no Bakuen."
"Suiton: Bakusui Shouha."
"!"
I breathe out and spit the water against the floor below me, cracking tiles from the pressure. It rebounds just as I planned out, creating a high and dense wave that continuously smothers the incoming flames. The chakra cost will be high for this single usage; I will have to adjust accordingly once this sequence has been completed. However, I still have more than enough chakra at this juncture to take down this opponent and any others that might come by. There is a high amount of heat coming from the clashing techniques. Thick steam has formed. Visibility will be low temporarily. Kakuzu may or may not be a sensor type, but it seems unlikely that he is. Theory must be tested.
"You really are a handful. Mister Rothschild...I wonder if you've miscalculated when it comes to that daughter of yours," I hear the old man say.
"..."
There is no reply. That man must be nervous by now.
"Luna-nee. Please follow my instructions post-haste," I say with no tone.
"Yes..."
"There will be no time to get to the door, and no chance that you evade Leonidas Rothschild in your current state. Please ascend the nearby staircase to a higher level, one floor above us. I will be able to monitor and defend you efficiently from that position."
"Will..."
"There is no need to worry about me. Your concern is noted, but ultimately unnecessary. My apologies."
"Y-yes...I'll go."
"Thank you. I will finish this battle expeditiously and return to you in good health. Ane-ue is presently locating the barrier in order to disable it. We will place our trust in her."
"Yes. Good...luck, Lili."
"Understood. Please ascend to your position, Luna-nee."
She gets up with my help and hobbles towards the nearby staircase that sits in the middle of the foyer. Grand and majestic in nature, it has survived the earlier fires and assaults with minimal damage. I will be able to make the fastest assessments with Luna in that position. Calculations will be readjusted.
"Crimson Depths, activation," I say to myself. The tracking technique is now active. Pain inhibition will be a boon. In this state, I can see the colours of chakra and the way it flows. This must be because of the mental alterations that came with the current transformation. Information processing has been improved. This is a positive development. The mask creatures orbit around Kakuzu. They seem to be limited by sight and sound, as is he. Each creature contains its own chakra. There are also...three more sources inside of Kakuzu himself. More creatures, for a total of five. No...I misunderstood. Four, including his own heart which I can see in the usual position. But the mask creatures have the same sort of circulation running through them, much like they are hearts of their own. I see now, along with the differing colours of chakra.
This is his secret.
Each heart has a different element. Fire. Water. Earth. Wind. Lightning. He can make use of any of them at any time he wants, and he can have them separate from him as he is doing now, leaving them free to attack with powerful techniques. Combinations of many kinds. Pressure tactics. Ambushes. And his body...there are many stitches all over, most notably on his arms which are split into segments. He must be able to expand his body parts with the threads and subsequently sew himself back together. This can also be done for others - the explanation of the origin of Hidan's strange arm patterns. I see. Luna decisively defeated Hidan, only to be ambushed by Kakuzu. Kakuzu then used his unique ability and Hidan's special physiology to sew the latter's arms back into place, allowing him to move and fight at full capacity again.
A truly despicable ability. No human could stand properly against this combination of immortals. It means that it was good that they separated. I will be able to properly conserve energy if I only have to deal with one of these men. Kakuzu is clearly the stronger one. Midori will therefore be able to crush the other, even if her efficiency is diminished by the barrier.
Kakuzu. With access to five hearts, and the ability to remove and install them inside himself, I must destroy them all. Thus, in effect I will be killing him five times. It is not lost on me that my old self, as Lili, would be immensely excited at this prospect. A divine hunt that would tickle the senses and extract the maximum amount of pleasure from an encounter. Something that would be classed as 'severe bullying'. However, that part of myself has been sealed away, possibly permanently. I must evaluate this upon conclusion of this battle.
The immediate dangers have passed. Luna is safe, and I have neutralized the combination technique. I have not used many arts yet, including my signature one. This is another advantage that I will use to crush my opponent.
"Lightning and Water...it seems we have a prodigy here," Kakuzu says as the steam finishes clearing. "But you're a hundred years too early to think about getting one over on me."
"A hundred years. Your taunt is very specific," I retort.
"A cheeky little Leaf brat. You remind me a little of the first shinobi I fought...someone you might have heard of named Hashirama Senju."
"The Founder. I see. So you have lived a long time. I suppose that information was supposed to intimidate me, and force me into making several hasty mistakes. You assume that with your advanced age, you will have a significant tactical and strategic advantage over me. It would be a fair assumption to make in most situations."
"You've got a mouth on you."
"I wish to know if you are truly an immortal. You and your partner."
"Hmph. There's no such thing as immortals in this world. I simply take the hearts of others before my own expires. That is how I can live longer. Yours seems potent enough, with that advanced lightning technique. I'll take that, along with the little maid's."
"You continue to utter profanities and conspire against me. Your punishment must be more severe," I say. "Your life is forfeit, along with the ones you have stolen to progress through the ages."
I will make him guess my intent. He likely has made certain assumptions about my attacking style, based on his years of experience. I will take his base of knowledge and twist it to use against him. I move forward with a body flicker and signal an attack subtly. The first move he makes is to form the black armour by hardening his skin once more. As proven before, it is an Earth-based technique, weak against Lightning. He has calculated that he can at least absorb some impact even with the disadvantage.
He will suffer for that assumption.
I jump towards him before bouncing through the air, defying his expectations. The brief appearance of water beneath my feet allows me to flip myself over as I charge my attack in my right hand. I float over his head and aim while upside down, putting the most troublesome of the mask creatures in my sights before it can react.
"Raiton: Moebius."
The blast is precise. It punches through the head of the wind creature, taking pieces out of its mask on the other side. My body twists at my command, and I line up another burst before firing. Kakuzu's body rotates, seemingly on instinct, and it causes my attack to miss the vital area I was aiming for by inches. It seems his battle experience was fruitful in that instance. I land properly and reset my position, facing the old man squarely. His face is slightly distorted in anger.
"I see. It looks like I will have to end this quickly."
"You seem unamused now. Was the earlier display of confidence simply a front?" Psychological attacks will have increased effect. I have successfully removed twenty percent of his battle capacity. The animal mask clatters to the floor ahead, and the monster lets out a wail before melting into a mess of black threads. Kakuzu stretches a hand out and the threads return to him, flowing beneath his flesh before he settles again.
"I have no idea how or where a little girl like you obtained these abilities, but it's getting bothersome. Now I really will have to take at least one of your hearts before I leave. I won't waste any more time or resources on you."
"A very bold claim to make. Unsubstantiated. Very rude as well. You underestimated me multiple times in the past few minutes. You carry much in the way of arrogance because of your advanced age. Living a long life does not entitle you to respect."
"No more games." A multitude of threads starts to emerge from his body, some shooting upwards and making him look like a potted plant. They come from his mouth as the covering falls away, and cause his arms to become segmented, held together by the mentioned masses of tentacles.
He looks very similar to a rag doll, with stuffing that has started to seep out after years of use and abuse. It is fitting in a way for this tired and tormented old man, who spends much in the way of time stitching himself and others back together again.
I have ruined his strategic endeavours with the last attack; he would seek to replace a more expendable mask, such as the water one he is sure to have on his person, in order to preserve his ability to use the combination of wind and fire for a devastating attack. But I have thwarted him. He fuses the fire and lightning masks to his shoulders. This new scheme has already been deciphered.
He means to use the lightning mask to disable my techniques of the same nature, while capitalizing with the fire mask. Simple. His boasting of battle experience was merely the barking of a wild dog. A plan with so few dimensions cannot hope to succeed. I will prove it quickly.
"Come on. Your luck is going to run out soon, brat."
"So you say. I will fulfill your request, old man. Be ready."
He growls before having the lightning mask fire its attack.
"Raiton: Gian!"
I track the attack and step swiftly to one side, dodging the bolt of lightning easily. So he also knows False Darkness. Very fascinating. It is quite a useful technique, which is why he stole the heart of the shinobi who made use of it in life. If he hopes to use me as a replacement, I will have to disappoint him. The next attack comes, splitting itself into three jagged bolts. I weave seals and open my mouth.
"Raiton: Gian."
"What-!"
My attack takes on the same form, the three bolts of lightning meeting his. A bright flash of light appears as the attacks clash against each other before disappearing.
"This...is ridiculous. It ends now..."
"I promised to fulfill your request. Here I come, mercenary."
"Tch...!"
I burst forward and violently slide to a stop in front of Kakuzu, just as he has the fire mask start to attack. My body shifts to one side before I accelerate again, evading the jet of flame. My energy is stable and in a good place. It should be a good time to pull the trigger on my next move.
"Full Boost, activate."
The red sparks fill my vision briefly before clearing. I dodge another burst of flame and circle Kakuzu before advancing, timing myself along with his quick turn. He launches several of the threads at me and hits nothing but air as I pass by. My feet push against the ground and I body flicker behind him before he can react.
"Shit...!"
My aim is true. I fire Mobius and obliterate his heart before the threads can reach me. I skip backwards before sliding to a stop against the worn and damaged tile. Kakuzu lurches for a moment before I see his hearts switch places. The water element mask emerges from his body and wails loudly like the last, the animal mask crumbling to pieces while the threads melt back into Kakuzu.
"No. No...for this to happen. Losing two of my hearts...to a damned child like this." He is seething with anger as he looks at me. "You little bitch..."
"I warned you. Over and over. You will pay for your sins. You will not escape me. Are you frustrated? Do I frighten you?"
"You...you little...!"
"Come. Show me the extent of your rage, Akatsuki. I will show you the extent of my function in return," I say calmly.
"You had better wrap this up."
Leonidas Rothschild emerges from the shadows with a steel implement in hand. I wonder what plans he has for its use. My disassociation from him at current is...quite complicated. I will resolve it at the conclusion of this battle, as planned.
"The barrier is down. It looks like the snake woman has foiled our cunning plan, and is on her way to invade this clubhouse of ours. A shame," he says, sounding amused. "I was enjoying this display. What my daughter lacks in mental fortitude, she makes up for in battle prowess. Those dance classes were not a complete waste after all. Kakuzu...unless you're feeling confident, you should leave and take your zealot friend with you. Unless your quest for human hearts is more important."
"I'm going to finish this job," Kakuzu replies with malice. "Now...it's a matter of personal pride. I won't let this bitch get away with mocking me and destroying two of my hearts. You said you wanted them dead. Customer satisfaction is what I do."
"I see. Very well, then. If you could make it quick, another generous bonus will be added to your pay." Still smug and confident, despite this recent setback. I try to figure out if there is something he knows that would give him an immediate advantage. Nothing comes to mind. Must investigate later.
This news means that Emi and Midori should be safe, and Luna will be able to help herself with summons. This extends to me as well, though I will not have any use for them with regards to finishing this battle.
"You're dead." Kakuzu transforms further. His headgear falls off, revealing a head of thick, shaggy brown hair. More threads emerge from his stitched-up mouth, merging with the others as they take the form of massive, compacted limbs, like that of a spider. And his chakra is building, spreading through the threads and the rest of his body. Reinforcement against attacks that might come his way. Prudent.
Ultimately futile.
"I recall a promise I made to a certain someone. Someone I shed tears for, because of the pain that he went through for the sake of a world that continues to reject him. I will keep my promise to him as well."
"What are you yammering on about?!" Kakuzu roars. His control is slipping.
"Because you are Akatsuki, I absolutely cannot let you escape. Even on a whim. I will take measures to end this strife where we stand."
"Shut your damned mouth...go ahead and die!"
The threads move and converge on my position, all of them meaning to crush and skewer me. The chakra mode activates once more in a torrent of red, just as the space around me is thrown into darkness. I easily push backwards with one foot and evade his attack completely, leaving him attack to plow into the floor ahead of my position.
"You...! I won't...let you...! GrrraaaaAAAAAH!"
He is no longer in control. His anger has consumed him. The threads reach for me as we move, and I step back and forth to dodge each of his attacks. They are not very fast, considering the circumstances. A stream of flame comes from the fire mask and I swiftly move under it, back into the immediate range of his threads.
"You're mine, brat!"
"Tragic." I focus my chakra into both hands and slide under the mass of threads as they try to crush me. My hands move upward and I take advantage of the new opening. "Moebius: Kouzokuhou."
I fire and hit my targets precisely. The masks on his shoulders shatter into pieces.
"You...DAMN YOU!" His head swivels to one side, and I already know the exact place he is going to aim for next. I shoot forward towards the staircase and gather chakra into my hands. Energy consumption is now the least of my concerns. I will take every measure to keep my loved one safe.
"Twin Drive System, activation."
"DIE!"
The threads shoot straight at Luna, who has already braced for impact. I stop in front of her and swing my hands out toward the incoming attacks.
"Moebius Sankata: Epyon Futago."
The blades fire out from my fingertips as they move, cutting away the masses of threads as soon as they arrive. Luna's heart is beating fast, but she is safe. It means that I can put an end to this once and for all. My body tenses briefly and I use a body flicker to clear the stairs, ending up in front of Kakuzu before he can register my presence.
"Your time is up, mercenary."
"!"
I jump and cover my arm in lightning chakra before plunging it into his chest. He freezes before he and his threads go limp, coming down to his knees as I stand with my hand around his beating heart. He is powerless. This fight is over, and soon his life will be extinguished by my hand.
"This is im...possible...to be beaten by...a child..."
"..."
"How...how did someone like you get so...strong. Not even...that Shodai Hokage..."
"I was born with this hidden gift," I reply plainly. "From the moment I entered this world, the strength you see here was inside of my body. All that I needed was a means to bring it to the surface. But to call me a child...you are mistaken, old man. I have not been a child for many years now. My innocence was crushed and swallowed by the darkness of this world."
"Nonsense..." He tries to move and I surge lightning through my hand in response, making him shudder uncontrollably.
"Nonsense. Is that your conclusion, with your years of experience and worldliness? Intriguing, if true. I am sorry that you feel this way. Especially since you stole the lives of many to continually fuel your own. Coming to that conclusion is, in a word, pathetic."
He coughs violently. "What...exactly are you..."
"I am the Crimson Nightmare herself. The one who will devour this world in her jaws at the promised time."
He finds the strength to laugh bitterly, looking down on me. "You think yourself...a god? Foolish. There is a man called god among us that I answer to...you may be strong, but you are nothing compared to him..."
I tighten my grip around his heart. "How many times do I have to teach you this lesson, old man. You continue to blaspheme against me. Do not talk to me about gods in this world. I am the envoy of heaven, the one who was gifted the title of Bushin by the blessed mother wolf of the frozen forest. I have seen the shining fields of Almighty God. I am she who has touched the heavenly plain itself, and absorbed its essence."
"What...no. Itachi's...inane ramblings...you're the one he...?"
"I tire of you and your insolence. The strife ends here. The evil is defeated. Fare thee well, false immortal."
I squeeze and crush his heart in my hand. He groans quietly before starting to slump forward, and I withdraw my blood-soaked hand to let him fall over. Blood starts to spread around him, his black threads lying limply in heaps and surrounding his corpse.
"It is done."
My head turns toward the remaining belligerent. He walks a short distance with the steel object in his hands before coming to a stop.
"Well? You've won. What will you do now, Lilith?"
"Leonidas...your ambitions are over. Stop trying to torment her," Luna says as she slowly descends the staircase. Two snakes are coiled around her arms, and even with one eye swollen shut, she is determined to protect me.
"Luna-nee. I will handle this from here on."
"I can't...say that is a wise decision, Lili. Even if you are resolved now...you still..."
"I realize that. But I must make this decision on my own. If there is a means of stopping him, I will find it. However, he is still a hostile at this moment in time."
"A hostile? What happened to me being family? Your precious Daddy?" Leonidas taunts. "Are you just going to pick and choose who you kill? A hypocrite, just your dear mother."
I can leave him alone.
I can run away with Luna, and leave things where they are now. I can end this by doing nothing at all. And my heart is telling me that this is what I should do. That it is the correct option.
But that will not be enough.
He will do this again. As many times as it takes. He will aim for the people that I love and cherish. He will go back to Akatsuki with his resources, he will hire more assassins, he will burn down our homes. He will torment my loved ones. Not just this family of mine...Hina, and Shino, and Kurenai. Ino, Erika, Naruto. Hanabi and Nami. Kakashi, Ruki. More and more people. Every connection I have. If he finds out about Temari, or Aiko, or Ittan...that sort of reach. That sort of terror over every inch of my existence. He will do everything he can to try and kill me. Over and over. And over. And over. And over.
This man is a part of me. He always will be, no matter how much it hurts to know. And it's for that reason...this must be resolved here. He must be cleansed. He has to start changing. Even after he shattered me, I still...irrationally, want to see him change. He is my father. I deny him, but it's the truth.
Even so, I have been awakened to reality.
I cannot feel myself tremble. I have no wavering within myself. I know and understand the objective that I set at the start of this conflict. The moment he becomes a threat, I will erase him. It will be the only thing that makes sense. He stands before me, supremely confident. Making the assumption that I still held tightly to the humanity that made me shed tears for him before. His expectation is that I will falter again, that I will break down and cry in the same manner as before. Perhaps if I was anything like the Lili that entered this mansion today...but at this moment, I have sealed all of the unnecessary parts of myself away in order to focus on the earlier battle.
My emotions are swirling in the space surrounding my head. Violent and heavy, they demand more energy to manage than I could possibly spare. I understand where the limit is now. Perhaps this is the last movement before I experience another change...if I am not already broken beyond repair.
I can only focus on the here and now. I am an assassin. Thus, I will default to my function.
"Leonidas Rothschild. You will stand down and surrender yourself immediately."
"I am not going to do anything like that. And you will not make me do anything like that, Lilith." He starts to walk towards us.
"Leonidas...stop this at once," Luna says.
"I tire of you and your insolence, Daidouji. In fact, I tire of all of you. Of your whore mistress who calls herself my wife. Of your degenerate fiancee who has stuck herself into my affairs. Of this worthless brat who dogs me at every turn, who has been nothing but a burden for as long as I have known her."
"You are scum."
"That is a compliment coming from the likes of you."
"Leonidas Rothschild," I repeat. "I do not care about your assessments of me, or of my loved ones. You will stand down and surrender yourself. Severe consequences will follow if you fail to comply."
"You really have some nerve," he says as he continues walking. He refuses to stop.
My function is...to eliminate the threats to my loved ones. What is my father to me...in this moment?
What is my family?
"Father. This madness must cease," I say. He finally pauses, now ten feet away from me.
"Father? Is that what you still think?" He chuckles and shakes his head. "And here I thought you ascended beyond yourself. You're just like your mother." He starts to reach into his jacket pocket. "You've lived in the same foolish way that she did."
I know what the weapon is before I even see it. His eyes drift towards Luna, who is oblivious.
Chakra flows into my right arm, pressing against my fingers.
I have already made my choice.
"I'll make sure you suffer and die as she did too."
"Leonidas Rothschild. This is your final warning. Stand down and surrender, or the consequences will be severe. You must stop."
"Lili is your daughter, you son of a fucking bitch!" Luna screams. "Listen to her!"
"You've said enough, Miss Daidouji. Consider this your severance package."
"!"
This is the end of it all.
I...wanted...
"Raiton...Moebius."
In one smooth motion, I raise my hand, point my finger forward, and fire. The beam of searing lightning chakra pierces his heart and exits the other side in an instant. He drops the handgun to the floor, along with the metal pipe in his other hand.
I watch as he slowly touches his chest, staring at the blood coating his fingers. Then he stares at me, with an expression that I can just barely parse.
"You worthless bitch."
A flash of heat passes through me, and I fire another burst through his neck. He stumbles before falling backwards onto the tile floor. Blood starts to pool, spreading around his form. His chakra has faded away...his heartbeat has stopped.
"My apologies for taking so long...Luna-nee. All threats have been neutralized."


Chapter 95
content warning: there's some pretty heavy trauma going on and pretty dark thoughts. depressive spirals, suicidal ideas. can't be sure of what is worse which is why there is a warning now. as always take care when reading.
short content warning above. enjoy the chapter.
Scarlet Justice - ep. 95"Rose"[Crimson, Part 4]
I can understand...and feel...the gravity of my actions in this moment.
Leonidas Rothschild, the chief executive officer of Kobayashi Rice Corporation. Husband of Emi Kobayashi, once heiress to the Kobayashi Rice empire. My father. The one who, reluctantly, helped bring me into existence.
At this moment, he lies on the floor of his once majestically crafted mansion. Dead. And I am the one who killed him. I have killed my own father.
"..."
The ever increasing weight is a signal of sorts. One that tells me I am still human after all. Soon this facade will crack into pieces. I can only wonder what will become of me at that point in time. Will I survive the final transition? Or is this my end as well?
"Lili..."
Luna has the snakes around her arms disappear before kneeling down to meet me. She is still significantly wounded, but stable at this time. Her injured face shows concern for me. She is always thinking of me, more than she does herself.
"Luna-nee. Please, do not worry. It was something that I had to do, for your sake."
She shakes her head. "No. Don't say that. This isn't...it isn't something..."
"Luna-nee."
She hugs me tightly and refuses to let go. I can hear her crying.
"We've made it. This place is still standing, somehow..."
"Lili? Luna?"
Midori and Emi have arrived, though the front entrance. A bound, slightly moving person is set onto the floor before they hurry towards us. I assume that is Hidan from earlier. Luna releases me and is immediately embraced by Midori.
"Luna...oh, look at what they've done to you..."
"I'm alright, Midori. It's all thanks to Lili...she protected me this entire time, on her own."
"I can see that. Those other two attack...ers." Midori stares at a particular spot on the floor. Emi shakes her head and sinks slowly downwards.
"Yes. The person who...was behind all of this," Luna says. "The master of the house."
"There's no way...he really did his?" Emi asks. "But...but then why..."
"Weapons on the floor," Midori says. "Luna..."
"He personally did this to me."
"Why?" Emi asks, shaking.
"He wanted us all dead. He was the one who hired the two mercenaries, and they baited Lili into coming here so that she could be erased as well. It was all part of the plan. Everything, organized by his hand. The killings, the mansion burning...everything. I knew that he was always scum, but doing something like this...I never would have guessed at it."
"That blood is still fresh." Midori steps away from Luna and finally gets a good look at me. "Oh...oh no. Lili."
"Lili?! What's happened?" Emi stumbles on her way up and runs to me. Her trembling hands go on either side of my head. "What's happened...your eyes are so...it's...like staring into darkness..."
"Leonidas...hurt her. He...said many things. But worst of all, he said that she was...she was a mistake," Luna manages to get out. "And he tried to finish me off with that weapon. After Lili stopped the other mercenary, he was about to..."
"He tried to kill you...?" Emi asks.
"Yes."
"I was the one who did it, Haha-ue. He sought to kill Luna-nee, and I had no other option. I eliminated Leonidas Rothschild. It is something that I take full responsibility for," I say evenly. "He refused to negotiate, and was consistently hostile to us both. I suffered mental distress before the battle with the Akatsuki member Kakuzu, a man who carried the ability to steal the hearts of enemies. It is the reason why I am in this state."
"Something like that...it's my fault," Midori says with sorrow. "If I had been the one, then maybe..."
"Ane-ue. You are not at fault. I was the one who suggested this course of action. You could not have predicted that Leonidas Rothschild would be the mastermind of such an operation, nor could you have discerned his presence because of the advanced nature of the barrier surrounding the estate. You made the correct choice, using the information that was available to you."
"You're like this. How can I feel any other way?" she asks. "You were in so much pain that you just shut off...you had to face down your own father, and then make that awful decision. Something nobody, especially not a child, should have to carry out. Even if you felt bitter towards him, he was your family. The last remnant of your old life. Lili...I'm sorry. I should have..."
"Ane-ue. Please do not cry. I am not lost...the Lili from before will return to you. This state will not last for much longer. I am aware of everything that wants to come back. Those emotions are not gone forever."
"Putting it like that doesn't make me feel any better..."
"I apologize, Ane-ue. I sincerely wish that I could properly pacify your fears, but I am incapable at this time."
"Lili, no. You don't have to worry about...just..."
"I did not mean to-"
"You don't have to say any more," Emi assures me. "We understand, Lili. It just...hurts so much to see you like this, to hear you speak like some kind of machine. You're trying to cope. We know that. But this...all of this is too much to bear. You're in pain and...we can't help you."
"Haha-ue. I understand."
"I know you do." Emi pulls me into her body. I can feel her trembling disappear. She is calming. I hug her back and she has a positive response to it. For a long while, everything is quiet. The other women are too distressed to speak, or even move from their positions on the floor. Healing their pain is also out of my reach. Now that the threats have been neutralized, I feel...quite useless. It is a form of irony, I believe.
My words from before were not a lie to placate Emi and Midori. This state of being will not last for much longer. The partition that allowed me to operate at the highest efficiency, void of emotion or feeling, is starting to weaken and fade. Soon it will disappear. I do not know what will become of me. I do know that I would like to be alone and isolated, in an environment that would allow me time to recover if needed. My family is here. I know they care for me. But I must confront those feelings regarding L-...my...father. I must confront my feelings regarding my deceased father.
"Luna-nee. Ane-ue. Haha-ue."
"Lili...what is it you need, my love?" Midori asks.
"The time is coming soon. I would like to make a request. My desire is to retreat to a safe place where I can be alone for a while. I know the three of you wish nothing but the best for me, and that you would prefer to give me direct support as I work through my grief. However, I have determined that it would be best for my mental and personal development to take on these feelings alone, in isolation."
They look at each other before nodding.
"Take as long as you need, Lili," Midori says. "But if we hear...or sense anything that is amiss, one of us will be at your side in an instant. Is that an acceptable compromise?"
"Yes. Thank you for your gracious reply, Ane-ue."
She gives me a tender smile and pats my head. "Of course. Remember, we're all right here."
"Understood. I will see you all again in a reasonable frame of time."
As I leave, I hear the fading snippets of discussion.
"Emi...is there anything you would like to do with the body?"
"I...if you could hold onto him for a while...I would appreciate that. I have to figure out what to tell the family, and those on the board of directors...there's a lot of responsibility that has suddenly fallen into my lap."
I head up the stairs and leave the main foyer behind, moving to the top floor. The walls are scorched black everywhere I look. The carpet crunches beneath my feet. The heavy smell of smoke lingers. I walk past the burned out rooms until I reach a particular one.
This used to be my room.
Almost everything has been rendered down to ash and carbon. What remains is warped glass and blackened metal. The frame of my bed stands alone, with springs littering the now empty space inside of it. Perhaps many of these fires were set deliberately, with the help of jutsu. It would make sense...Kakuzu had the ability to send out his mask creatures, who were able to commit murderous acts on their own. All of the things that I owned before are now gone. The hideous dresses that must have still been in the closet. The old photos I left behind. The stuffed animals and toys that I collected. My most important treasures are in that small, locked cabinet in the Leaf, but...there were things here that had value as well.
I lower myself to the ground, resting my back against one of the blackened walls while hugging my knees. I wait. I feel the last shadows of this cold and empty state vanish. And at that, everything starts to flow. Just as it did before. I feel that pain once more, of when I shattered into pieces. My mind is hazy and heavy. Every feeling and cry from before was sealed away, never truly disappearing. In some place, on some level, I was still experiencing everything. I was still processing the hurt and anger and fear that had started to rule me from before, but it was being sharply managed, shunted somewhere else while I dealt with the task at hand. And now...now all of that is over. I have yet to heal. Especially from...those words.
He really called me a mistake. Shouldn't I have seen that coming? I don't know. I wouldn't want to know something like that. My own father, not just resenting me, but saying that I should...have never been born. What could I say to that? What could I do?
I want to say something, to just...speak, and maybe try to get over this in some way. But I can't. It's so hard to work up the strength to talk. My heart is still trying to put itself back together.
For a long time, many things happened. For a long time, I buried the truth inside of myself. I realize it now. The small void that I never explored. The memories that I had shoved down. The rage that burned inside of my heart, time and time again. Something that I had not just forgotten...I had repressed it. I sealed those memories away, because I was a frightened little girl who had just watched her mother die. I was scared, and I was alone in the world. I needed my father. I needed him to love me. I needed him to protect me from all of the scary, scary people that existed. I was nobody. I was nothing.
My mother...Caroline. Sometimes she wore a look of disappointment and dejection on her face. She tried to keep those moments from me, but I caught them despite her best efforts. These were things that I could not understand. What I thought of, what I wondered, was when that man would be home. I wanted my father to spend more time with me, with us. I grew older, and the presents and money weren't enough. I needed attention. I needed his attention. And it didn't matter how I got it. I ended up getting desperate. I was desperate enough to stop caring about what was happening around me. He never hugged me. Never read to me. Never kissed me good night and put the sheets over me. I was ignored in the mornings, talked over to my mother and stepmother and any other adults in the room. I was nothing to him. But I was a desperate, foolish child. I wanted nothing more than to please my father. To make him proud of me. To see him finally smile. To make him happy.
"I...wanted it. So badly."
My mouth is bitter. The tears are starting to fall, and I know they won't stop.
I had pushed everything out of my mind after that night, the last one I spent with my mother in this world. I shoved it all down. At the wake. At the funeral. Every day after that, until I left as my father's accessory. I pushed away everything, including the truth that I had known for so long.
"It was you...then, too. You did that to her...and I was too weak."
He threw me to the wind after Mom...no. The truth. He threw me to the wind after he killed Mom. I denied it until the truth was papered over in my mind. It was his fault. He never truly loved her. He poisoned her. He broke her. He made her go through all of those stressful things on purpose, never allowing her a chance to rest, even as sick as she was. And my mother fought for her life. I watched it all happen, afraid and alone. I saw him look at her frail, light body the morning she died. There wasn't anything there. He didn't care then. My instincts told me over and over that he was a monster, that I should have run away as far and as fast as I could. But I was just a child, wasn't I? How could I do something so drastic? How could I survive on my own, in a world that I had never truly experienced without my mother's guidance? And so, I shoved down those instincts. They screamed at me, but I refused to listen. I...needed my father. He was all that I had. I followed him.
I followed him right into the darkness, where he abandoned me.
"I...wanted to be your daughter. I always wanted...that much."
I became twisted. I saw the things that no child should see. Those experiences that filtered through me and gave deep colours to my soul. Those depraved people, those depraved things. The immorality and corruption. I saw and felt fear. Broken people, breaking each other. Hands that reached for me, trying to spirit me away. I cried out for my father, hoping that it would be enough, knowing in the back of my mind that if anyone knew how far apart we truly were, I was done for. I spent night after night, terrified and sobbing, stuck in the most decadent nightmares imaginable. And every morning I would rise to breakfast, alone. I took those blackened memories and locked them away, hoping that...if I was the good girl that he wanted...maybe I would never have to deal with them again in this life. I wanted to be his daughter.
But not once did he see me as a human being.
"Those...words. All I ever wanted was to hear...those words."
Everything hurts so much. I feel myself choking on my own tears.
I wanted him to say that he loved me. But I killed him. He's gone. He's dead, he will never come back to me. I did it with little hesitation. I knew that it was the end, but I didn't want to believe it. I didn't want that sort of thing to happen. I just...just wanted him to acknowledge me, for once in my life. To see me as a person.
I don't know why he chose this path. I don't know why he hated me so much that he chose to try and kill me, to kill my loved ones. Why he wanted to hurt Caroline, why he wanted to hurt Emi. What did I do to deserve something like this? There had to be a reason. Something that I did. But I can't...think of anything.
The people who gave me life. Both of them are gone. It's...my fault, isn't it? All of it?
Isn't it possible that I'm...I'm just a cursed person? I feel...maybe like...I should crack apart. Maybe...maybe I'm the one...maybe everything I knew was wrong. And I was...always the wrong type of person. Maybe that's why Daddy never loved me. I can't escape this pull. I know that...I know that my worth isn't based on what he thinks. But my head...in my head I can't help but think it. That I'm just wrong, that maybe I always have been.
It hurts. My head hurts.
"Nngh...what do I do..."
The memories keep flooding in. The ones from so long ago that I shoved down, and now I can remember it all. I can see everything disappearing, and I keep thinking, over and over and over...that...that maybe...I should...
"It's too much," I say through my tears. "I don't want to see it any more. Please..."
The strange background noise comes into focus. Foot...steps. This entire time, someone has been coming closer to me. They get to their knees and wipe away my tears gently.
"Step...mother?" I choke out. "Haha-ue...?"
"Yes. It's me. I'm...sorry for intruding. This is your place, and I...I was just so worried, and then I heard you in pain."
"N-no...don't apologize. Please...thank you for coming to me..."
"Lili...will you look at me a moment?"
"Yes." I look into her wearied eyes.
"I...am going to make a promise to you. It's one that will be bound to my soul forever." She takes her trembling hands and places them around mine. "I am going to be your mother. From here until the end of time."
"My..." I feel a wave of panic come over me. "Emi...please, you don't have to...I'm-"
"I want this. I want to be there for you, not just as a guardian, or a supporter. I want to be family. I want to be your family, most of all."
"You shouldn't..."
"I want you as my daughter, Lili," she says with tears in her eyes. "I've always wanted a beautiful, precious daughter. And I'm...a selfish person, I know it. I want you as my daughter because you're so warm, because your love has reached me over and over again. I want someone to love me, without condition. A precious friend who I can talk to about anything that's inside my heart."
"Emi..."
"I want to make this promise...I want you to accept me, Lili."
I start to open my mouth to protest. The words never make it out.
At once, I understand everything. I understand that there are things I have forgotten in this terrible situation.
It's not...just me in this world. It was never just me. I want to be selfish, I want to be alone as the cursed person that I think I might be. But the truth is that I'm not cursed. I'm needed. I am treasured. I...am loved. By so many people.
I have a family. I have always had a family. One that I created with my own two hands. I became a little sister that royalty could boast of. I became a step-daughter that brought pride to her family name. Someone who became a light in the darkness, a leader, a courageous and trusted friend. Even if I was never my father's daughter...I was always so much more. And I proved it.
The painful memories that have taken over my mind...they're not who I am. They're not the truth any more. I am not cursed. I am not a burden to those I love. I was scared before, it's true. I was powerless to save my mother from her illness, and my father from himself. But I am more than my painful failures. I am more than the foolish mistakes I made.
More than that...I am duty bound. My eyes move to Emi's stomach.
The duty of an older sister. To guide and protect. Midori and Luna have taught me that. And their lessons will not go to waste. I...am everything. I will mourn that bond that never was. And I will celebrate all of the bonds that are, that exist at this very moment and make me who I am.
I look into Emi's eyes...my mother's eyes.
"Emi...Mama. I hear your words, and I accept all of them. I understand now. Thank you...you came to me when I needed you the most, just like any mother would. I love you, Mama."
"Lili...thank you..."
She hugs me with all of her strength, crying and shaking. But I can feel her warmth and happiness. It's all I ever wanted. It's enough. I can start to move forward, to pick up those fragments of myself and put them back together slowly. Step by step. Day by day. I will find a way to overcome the pain inside of me. My heart will heal...and I will become whole again in time.
I will fight forward. For Caroline's memory. For Emi's future. I will protect everything dear to me...this I swear.
"That should be everything. I imagine the proper authorities have been called and will be arriving shortly..."
Midori lets out a breath. It's just the four of us now in the burned out foyer, standing near the front door. The bodies have all been moved...Hidan, who had been run through, poisoned, and subject to several torturous things to keep him down is going to be sent off for studies. Kakuzu's corpse has been transported and will likely be subject to the same type of testing, given his unique physiology. He likely was making use of a kinjutsu from the Hidden Waterfall, his home village. It has been a long time since he was first a shinobi, though. And my father's body...or rather, Leonidas Rothschild, the master of the house. He will be held for a while, preserved until Emi figures out what to do with him.
"Everything should be fine," the woman in question says. "As a result of this incident, the family business will fall into my hands again. I'm going to take it a bit more seriously this time, and I am certain that my father will see to it that the transition goes smoothly. But if I need your help, I will call on you, Midoriko."
"See that you do, Emi."
"Yes."
"I will let Sarutobi know what has happened through our usual channels. We don't want too much trouble, especially for our Lili here."
"Agreed. This experience has been...more than enough. And the potential scandal is something I want no parts of. Midoriko...when I get settled in, I will have access to certain sensitive records. I will have to find a way to forward them to you, so that you can investigate what has been taking place behind the scenes. You mentioned that the technology to obscure communication between yourself and Luna..."
"Originated in my land, yes. More than a little suspect. Orochimaru did own the old Rice Country in a literal sense, but that would not be enough to square this circle. Jakari Programming will be able to help. We have several people on payroll that will be happy to do something more exciting than usual with their time."
"That sounds very good. Thank you in advance for this."
"You're very welcome."
"I should be able to do something," I say. "Taking care of all this yourself-"
"Stop being stubborn," Emi says firmly. "You're in no state to carry on business. Please understand that, Lili."
"Yes. I'm sorry."
She gently rubs my cheek. "You meant nothing by it. I'm just being my pushy self, as you know. I would really like you to stay with me for the next while. But...I know better than that. You need to spend time in the Leaf, with the friends and family that you've made there. I have quite a few errands to take care of, no thanks to one former Mr. Emi Kobayashi, and you need a bit more emotional support than I can give you right now."
"Yes. I know it's...a lot."
"It's a lot for you as well. I can see that you want to get back to where you were before all of this happened. But it will take some time, and you have been through more than any twelve year old girl on this planet or any other has been, I suspect. All of us will need some time to properly process this. There's no need to rush."
"Yes, Mama."
"Good." She turns to Midori. "Midoriko...I'm leaving Luna to you. Love her like only you can."
"Yes. You can count on it." Luna nods and snuggles into Midori's side as they hold hands.
"Further discussion can be had later...for now, you are on paid leave until further notice, Luna."
"Mistress...yes, I understand. Will you be okay, Miss Lili?"
"More than okay, Luna. Your health is what's most important. You need time to heal, like Mama said earlier. Please take care of yourself, and let Midori-nee tend to you as she pleases."
"I understand. Then be well, Lili. I love you dearly, and I always will."
"I love you too, Luna-nee," I say with a smile.
"Lili, Emi...until the next, my lovelies. We will speak again soon."
With a light nod, Midori and Luna disappear by way of reverse summoning. Voices can be heard in the distance, coming closer to us. Emi and I move to the front steps to see some of the help arriving in the distance with horses and carriages. They're tending to all of the people they can see.
"Reinforcements...a welcome enough sight." Emi sighs. "I suppose this is a good excuse to build a new mansion, presumably somewhere more secure. Or perhaps I could just properly renovate this one. Mm...both. Both sounds good. While that is happening, travel sounds nice."
"You really will have a lot on your plate," I say.
"Yes, that much is true. Oh, and I can use my alter ego for more modelling and related activities. It's a delicious way to unwind, you know. I always feel so much lighter after a photo session."
"Mm. Up to perverted things as always."
"Come, now. Every woman has her hobbies. Mine just happen to be a bit lewder than most."
"You're pregnant, Mother. You do remember this, yes?" I ask with a brow raised.
"Well...as a wise woman once told me long ago," she says with a smug smile, "it's somebody's fetish."
I pause in wonder for a moment before giving her a resigned nod. I really can't argue that, can I.
"You truly are my mother. An unrivaled response," I say, flatly and sincerely.
"A lovely compliment that I will graciously accept. Thank you, my daughter."
"Think nothing of it, mother dearest."
"I will be sure to contact you at some point while abroad. Do you have any plans on changing your address?"
"Not any time soon, especially with Luna gone. You will have more than enough time to send me a card, and I can reply with details quickly if I do change my mind."
"Very good. Then expect to hear from me."
"Please take care of yourself, Mama."
"I promise you that I will. You make sure to do the same, my love."
"Yes, I promise you that."
"Mistress Emi! You're...you're safe!"
"Touka! You made it out...I was worried that you were lost, too..."
A woman makes her way up the stairs, out of breath. There's a sword on her hip, inside of a sheath that has had several chunks taken out of it. Her shirt and pants are matted with dried blood and dirt, and her brown hair looks like it's been chopped to pieces. A thin and waifish looking young lady, who had some strength in swordplay before she was hired.
"Lady Lilith? You're here...I-I thought..."
"It was thanks to her that I made it out alive. Luna is with Midoriko right now...she is safe as well. The master of the house, unfortunately...I will have to speak to you about that later, Touka."
"Yes...Lady Lilith, thank you. Because of you...I'm sorry. If only I had been faster, or stronger...Miss Lunamaria wouldn't have had to shoulder that burden, and Sara-nee..." She sniffles before dropping to her knees in front of us. "Please, forgive my weakness. I'll accept any punishment you decide on."
"..."
"Touka...you don't have to go that far," Emi says. "None of this is your fault."
"There is always tomorrow..."
Emi looks at me, and Touka raises her head.
"You don't...have to be the same person you were yesterday. Touka...I can feel your passion and sorrow. I want you to channel those things within you. I want you to remember the sacrifices that Luna and Sara, and everyone else made to protect Mama. Make those memories your strength...and serve your Mistress with everything that you have from now on."
"Lady Lilith..."
"I will put my faith in you, Touka Suzuki."
"Yes...yes!" She rises to her feet and salutes. "On my life, I will serve House Kobayashi with everything that I have. Lady Lilith, I swear this to you!"
"Well said. Mama, you are in the best hands."
Emi smiles and nods. "You're right. It looks like I've found my bodyguard...and new chief maid."
Touka blinks. "Ah...?"
"Goodbye for now," I say to Emi.
"Until the next."
We hug each other, for what feels like a long time...and at the same time, not nearly long enough. I don't want to let go, but I know that we both have to. And so, we do. I nod to the flustered Touka and leave the mansion's front steps. I go past the growing crowds of people, the medical staff and local lawmen, the shinobi that arrive and are surveying the scene from afar. I leave all of them behind. I don't look back.
"..."
I...am slowly returning to a home of mine. A place where I grew up. Where I learned the importance and true strength of bonds. The Village Hidden in Leaves...one more place where I can belong, and the place that will help me change the world. If not now, then one day soon.
The urgency is gone. The pain still lingers. But...I am sure of where I am heading now. This is time to myself...time to finally breathe. Where the air is clear, and my thoughts are fresh. This is the start of a new journey. For now, I only have the strength within me to walk slowly down this road.
But I have made a promise to myself. That when I am ready and healed...I will move at a speed too terrifying for man to comprehend. I know that I can do it. Because I'm Luna's elegant mistress. I'm Midori's brilliant little sister. I'm Emi's virtuoso daughter.
I'm Lili Kobayashi...the woman who can do anything.


Chapter 96
Scarlet Justice - ep. 96"Discovery"
Healing has never been an easy thing.
It is nearly the new year. About one and a half weeks have passed since the incident at the mansion. I can function...well enough, I suppose. There was a letter for me as soon as I made it home. I expected a reprimand for leaving the village so suddenly, but the old man has everything figured out. That much has been taken care of. He writes to tell me that Shino and Hina informed him of what was going on, and that he received communication from Midori later. Nobody in this village aside from him knows about what I did. I know that I should be the one to tell my comrades, and I will. When I'm ready.
I will also have to arrange for a meeting with the Hokage at my convenience. Maybe at the beginning of the next year. Hopefully that's enough time to shake off this mood I'm in. It's currently 3 am, and I have returned from the bathroom. I am going to make tea. Again.
Sleeping has been difficult. Nightmares and cold sweating. And all of the water I drink to keep myself occupied. I get up more than a few times each night and then end up doing silly things like making more beverages to drink. I've scrubbed the apartment walls, the floors, the counters. I have time. I'm on indefinite leave with pay at the Hokage's request. It's generous of him, even if I think it's not necessary. It's hard to read manga or play games. I lose concentration easily, or get focused on something far away. Right now, it's the kettle as it starts to shake on top of the stove, steam escaping from small openings slowly. I've been zoning out a lot lately. I haven't been answering the door. I take long showers even though I shouldn't, and end up staring at the drain for tens of minutes as water flows into it. It's wasteful of me.
I...am healing, though. Slowly.
This should be a time for sleep, but the nightmares are persistent. Things I don't like to think about too much. I start to make my tea and decide that I will drink it while staring at the front door a while. The taste of sugar makes me a bit happier, so I add an extra spoonful to my tea these days. I sit and observe. The sun comes up before I realize it, and only half the tea has been consumed. The rest is cold. I sigh and gulp it down before heading to the bathroom again. I suppose afterwards I should wash up properly, and then head outside for the first time in a while. The beginning of the new year is too far away. I should see him now.
"Yes...this is Kobayashi. 012599. I...would like to know if Lord Hokage has time for me today. He made a request to see me. Yes...please, take your time." I pull on my pants while I wait, and fix my hair in the mirror as best as I can. I don't have the energy to comb it properly today. Hopefully nobody will recognize me before I get to the office...Tamaki and Imari are running errands downtown, so I won't see them. That might be for the best.
"Yes, I'm still here. Yes. I can be there within the next ten minutes, if you want...okay. I understand. Thank you." I press the button to hang up and toss the phone onto my bed. Seems like it's now or never. I put up the hood on my sweater and start my exit through the window of my room. Afterwards I skip across the rooftops for a while before slowing down and walking the rest of the way to my destination. It's cold and a bit gloomy today. The clouds above us are large, puffy and dark. I feel the energy draining from my body as I walk...this is harder than I remembered. I might be done for if I have to stop and talk to anyone.
Fortunately, I make it inside and find the person I was talking to earlier. He escorts me to the Hokage's office space and knocks on the door before opening it.
"Lord Hokage, Captain Kobayashi is here to see you."
"Excellent. Any calls from here on have to be of the utmost urgency."
"Understood, sir. Shall I seal the outside?"
"Please."
The shinobi nods before leaving the room.
"Go ahead and lock the door, Lili."
"Yes." I do so and head for one of the chairs to take a seat. Walking here was truly an ordeal...I wonder if I'm actually getting better, or I've just convinced myself that it was the case. But the illusion of progress is a comfort in and of itself, in a way.
It's quiet, like it is at home. But in a different sort of way, since there are many different distractions. I can focus on the smell of pipe smoke, or ink. Stare at the wood grain patterns in the large desk in front of me. Press my fingers into the material of this chair.
"How have you been handling things?"
The old man's voice brings me back into this slightly unwelcome reality. Even if he won't say it, or even think it, I know that I shouldn't waste time here. It's precious and meaningful, not just because he's the Hokage. He is...a person I care for very much.
"..."
I realize now that I've never met my grandparents on either side of my family. Or any side, if you count the current ones. What a curious thing...or, the word might be tragic. That sounds a bit more fitting. Maybe Emi will change that.
"I am...coping."
"I see. That sounds like a positive."
"It is, surely. I can function, I just have a lot of trouble sleeping. The nightmares, and all of that. Remembering what it was that I did. I'm sure you know already. Ane-ue sent the cable."
"Yes."
"Sasuke is named after your father, isn't he?"
He chuckles. "That much is true, yes. What brought you to that conclusion?"
"Someone like him...he must have felt a lot of pressure because of his parentage. It's possible that they didn't mean to stress him out that way, but still...he seems like that kind of person. Someone burdened with lofty goals from such a young age. Great potential. All of that."
"Mm." He lights up his pipe.
"I...killed my own father, you know. I shot to kill. That's the heaviest, and most important part of it."
"A lot of things must have happened. If you have the strength...I would like to hear the story from you, Lili."
"Yes. That, I can easily do. I haven't stopped thinking about it, really." I start to speak about the events that took place. By now, I can speak fluidly without stumbling. I have gone through this in my head, over and over and over again. Some part of me says that it should have been harder, but this result is fine too. It's a significant part of my life, something that I should remember clearly. Even if I don't really want to at times.
"...and at that point, Ane-ue and Haha-ue found us."
"Hm, I see." He nods and leans back in his chair. "There are many things that I want to say to you about your performance, and how it will relate to this world's future. But...those can be discussed later on. The time we share now should be dedicated to helping you heal."
"I see. Thank you for that." I fold my hands in my lap. "Oyaji...you don't have anything to say about how it ended?"
"Even as an older man, I came across the same sorts of conflicts as you. But I failed to act with prudence...and as a result, it led to wide-spread chaos. The formation of the Hidden Sound, the Cursed Seals, the attack on the village...and going back further, the demise of the Uchiha, among other things. I...did not take action in the way that I should have."
"You are also a human being," I assure him. "There's nothing wrong with that."
"You must not take away from your own actions, Lili. You overcame yourself after a terrible experience, and used newfound strength to defeat a most dangerous enemy. You protected your loved ones. You did what you had to do, and it was the correct thing. I know that you feel guilt about your father's death. Confronting those who are family, or have become like family to you is something that I know all too well. I failed to stop Orochimaru once before because of those lingering feelings, despite knowing everything he had done. But you acted correctly."
"I...I could have chosen a different path, maybe. Isn't it possible?" I ask.
"Yes. But you are not a monster for that either. What you understood and held to was something that I should have done. Something that many people would struggle doing. In that moment, you were a soldier. And you did what you were supposed to do in that role." He lets out a breath. "Anyone who draws a weapon in the field of battle should expect to be treated as an enemy combatant. When your father made that choice, he sealed his own fate. Perhaps you could have disabled him. Perhaps you could have wounded him and stopped him there. But...you had that thought in your head."
I remember. Perhaps in my grief, I've...tried to discard the logic I used, instead of understanding it. I remember the understanding that I came to. That was the reason why I fired upon him in the way that I did.
"I remember thinking that...if I let him go, if I gave him another chance...he would bring down more tragedy and hatred upon me and my loved ones. He would stalk me everywhere I went. And with his wealth and connections, possibly harm the Leaf. I had pushed that away in my head, but...yes. I realize why I made that choice." I blink and shake my head slowly. "Really...it's the truth. He had to die there."
"There are consequences to our actions. Brothers and sisters, parents and children, lifelong friends...those who draw weapons to strike another down must be prepared to be struck down themselves. That is never all there is to it, but that simple fact must be understood and accepted."
"Yes. That much is true."
"But of course, that doesn't erase everything else. I don't, and will never think any less of you for what happened, Lili. None of this is your fault. You only did what you had to. You fought, you rose above despair, and you survived. You saved many lives and protected the family that you created. For that, you should be praised."
"..." I look into his eyes. "Oyaji. Is this...what you think a Hokage should be?"
He looks at me for a few moments before going to refill his pipe.
"Between us both...the strength that you have inside of you now is what the world needs to move forward. We have yet to leave the shadow of the shinobi world's beginning, that cursed age."
"A heart void of every feeling, including that of despair. Something that can confront the turbulence that has kept peace from truly blessing this land of ours." I smile, a little bitterly. "One more step towards a heavenly transformation, you think."
"Yes. I do not mean to make light of your tragedy in any way, Lili."
"Of course not. This is why you wanted to talk about it at a later time. I understand completely. But...you make a good point. The tragedy that you experienced...the ones that befell your old masters, Lord Hashirama and Lord Tobirama. Hanzo of the Salamander. And so on. And then the pure ones, like Lord Minato, are taken away too soon because of threats beyond their considerable power. It's something to focus on."
"In due time, of course."
"Yes," I say with a nod. "In due time."
"I want you to take as much time as you need to heal. Two months, at the least. I won't let you even consider returning before then, and I've given Shikaku instruction to that end."
"Yes, understood. I won't try to rush back. There are...things I want to do before then, anyways. Thank you for looking after me. You always do, but...this time it's certainly special. It's a blessing to me. I really do feel a lot better, now that we're talking about it."
"I am very glad that I could help you, Lili."
"I...wonder sometimes. About the past, and the future that could have been. Dreams and stray thoughts. Questioning myself about how it all came to an end. Shooting to kill..." I rub my cheek. "But this new perspective is...fresh. And reassuring on many levels. I made a promise to Hina the other day that if I did leave my humanity behind, I wouldn't come back for it. That, though...it was just a temporary seal. A technique that I've already internalized."
"Already, then?"
"It even has a name by now. Imagine that, even in these troubled times...I find a way to lean into those chunni inclinations of mine. The new version of the tracking technique I use...it will be bound to that, so that I can properly control the activation. The name is something I gave thought to. A state of emptiness. Becoming...not ruthless, but more focused than I could dream of normally. Emptied of emotion for a while, free from feeling grief and despair, and therefore capable of acting in my best interests. A terrifying technique that will be called Crimson Depths: Void Heart."
"Hoh...terrifying, indeed. You are as creative as always."
"Like I said, I can't escape being silly when it comes to things like this. But as with everything else, I can refine it even further."
"Nothing you'll worry about too much right now, I hope."
"No, of course not. I'll focus on my recovery for now."
"Good, good."
"I have more of an idea how I want to move forward now." I rest my head on a closed fist. "I originally wanted to delay this meeting until the new year. I thought I was going to have a complete mental breakdown if I came to see you, but...that reassurance that I did the right thing in the end. It helped me more than I ever thought it would. It has been said that things happen for their own reasons, and that the will of heaven is not so easily discerned by man. Unsavoury to hear, maybe. Very hard to accept in the face of tragedy...but truthful all the same."
"The memories of your father...how do you feel towards him?"
"I...remember that I made that loud declaration, while in that protective state. That I had no father. It might be more of the truth than I realize. Mama and I solidified our bond after that event..."
"You mean to say...Miss Emi?"
"Yes. That's what I call her now, when we're together. Her child is safe, too. We're entirely too much alike, you know. Perhaps she's absorbed some of my late mother's spirit? It sounds like something Caroline Rothschild would do, place pieces of her essence into my loved ones so that she could properly watch over me. But Lilith Rothschild died along with her father on that day. My name is Lili Kobayashi, the proud daughter of the Kobayashi House."
Hiruzen nods. "You will be just fine, Lili. I know it will be the case. But I will continue to pray for your safety regardless."
"Petitions of heaven never hurt," I say. "I have a ways to go, and many responsibilities to take care of. Mm...Fubuki-senpai was right after all. Uncanny how she could sense such things after a single meeting."
"It is said that those who meet in battle can discern each other's feelings. Those who come together in combat can even speak without words."
"Ah. It was something like that, for a moment...or perhaps it manifests differently for everyone. She came to that realization...about the heavenly plane." I sigh. "Is it okay if...we simply talk for a while?"
"Yes. As long as you would like, Lili."
"I'm going to feel guilty since you're the Hokage and all...but I will take you up on that offer, without hesitation."
"Excellent." Hiruzen gets up from his chair. "We can have some tea in the meantime, then. I'll make us a fresh pot."
I spend a few more hours with the old man. We talk about a lot of things. Old missions that I've been on, people we both know...the state of the world at current. I learn a bit about his past, and his interactions with the Senju brothers of legend. His old students who went on to become the legendary Sannin. And of course, the Fourth Hokage...Naruto's father. Thinking of him, how would he take it? Knowing that I've erased one of my parents. The Hokage has years of experience and those regrets to learn from, but Naruto...he's someone who cried over the death of an enemy he never truly knew. I feel my stomach wobbling just thinking about it. But I will tell him. He had the courage to show himself to me, so...it's only right that as his beloved friend, I do the same.
I trudge home, avoiding as many open places as I can. I'm exhausted, but finally comfortable for the first time in a long while. Dinner is light - I've used the newly bought rice cooker tonight. It's a definite godsend. And then, I fall asleep early on the couch.
It feels...like I'm at home, finally.
For their parts, everyone has stayed away at the Hokage's request. They get their updates to say that I'm fine, as I call the office every day and speak to Tamaki. She worries a lot. Keeps me on the phone for at least two hours at a time. I quickly learn my lesson and get comfortable with a cup of tea and a blanket on the couch while she speaks.
Tonight is the last night of the year. Christmas has passed quietly, and it's a shame. I was looking forward to a celebration with my friends and family this year. I had to decline the invitations from Kurenai, Hina, and Nami, but sent a video message to them. It's probably been shared with the others by now, and I hope they enjoy it as a small gift.
There's a knock on the door, but one that I was expecting. I got a surprise request earlier in the week.
"Season's greetings."
"A pleasant evening to you as well, Erika."
She had, in her own quiet way, insisted that we go out together tonight. Knowing that I needed the company, and that I couldn't resist such a cute companion, I agreed to have her come over and escort me to our meeting place. Today she wears a sweater and light jacket, paired with a wool skirt and fluffy boots.
"Some tea? I'll be a while getting dressed," I say.
"Thank you."
"Any preferences?"
"None."
"I have some warmed, then. Anything to eat?"
"Nothing. Thank you."
I nod and pour her a cup of tea, then set it down as she takes off her boots and sits at the table.
"I shouldn't be too long. If anything, I will be in the shower."
"Understood. We still have much in the way of time."
It's about half past eight by the time I finish washing up. We've planned to take our time getting to Kigiku Shrine, the place where Ruki works. I'm not feeling up to anything special in terms of appearances. Most people won't be paying attention and Erika won't mind. I suppose I can just cheat again. About ten more minutes pass before I touch up my face and apply a layer of lip gloss. I weave my hair into a loose braid and let it sit on my shoulder before leaving. There's a pair of leather boots that I never wear and they have low heels. I can deal with those today.
"I'm ready."
"..." Erika turns in her chair to look at me, tilting her head to one side. "Very minimalist today."
"I see you've developed a sharp tongue while I've been away."
"Perhaps so."
"I can't say I mind it too much. And you're correct, either way. This isn't my normal." I lift my braid a bit to properly throw on my scarf. Today's outfit is simple and lazy, as already noted. A long red cotton sweater, black leggings, and the newly worn boots from earlier. "You can tell me if it looks entirely too sloppy, and I'll change before we leave."
"It is not a problem."
"Don't lie to me."
"I promise that it's the truth."
"..." I sigh. "As long as you're sure. Have you finished your tea?"
"Yes."
"Leave the cup in the sink and splash a bit of water into the bottom, will you? I can take care of the rest when we get back. We should hurry before things get too crowded up there."
Erika does as asked, drying her hands before slipping on her gloves and joining me at the front door. After putting on her boots again, she steps outside with me as I lock the door and make sure everything is secure. We descend the flight of metal stairs and head out into the village proper. Tonight is lively, as expected. Families and lovers roam the streets, taking the bright lights and festive sights in. Warm food and drink are being sold by street vendors. People are gathering in parks and restaurants.
"It's nice to see," Erika says as we walk. "I sometimes forget that these moments of peace are fleeting and fragile. Perhaps one day that can change."
"It will change. We will see to it once we grow as women," I say to her.
"I see. I look forward to that day, then."
"I would have thought that you would be at home, perhaps on the phone with your mother and sister."
"We spoke before I made my way to you. I trust that they will be awake when I call again after the new year begins. This is fine, we each had our own events to attend."
"Thank you for accommodating me, either way."
"You're welcome. I do object to your avoidance of your comrades on Team Eight."
"As you should," I say with a grimace. "I'm an awful person. I just...couldn't handle seeing them right now. The old man gave me comfort and clarity, but I still feel like garbage. Like I can't face them as I am now."
"You are not awful or garbage," she says, frowning. "You are a hero of the Leaf, and a very kind and loving person. I become very distressed when you put yourself down like that."
"Sorry."
"It's alright. You are still processing that pain," Erika says. We reach the main gate and show our IDs to the people standing guard. They check them against a scroll embedded with some sort of technique - a suggestion that came from Tamaki and Imari, apparently - and nod before letting us go. This is still an experimental system, but it seems to be working well for the time being.
"Yes...but how much time should pass before enough is enough?"
"Where I am concerned, that time is indefinite."
I laugh lightly. "You have a way of making romantic things sound incredibly tidy, you know."
"At the least, I have provided you with some amusement for the day," she says with a smile. I didn't think Erika could get any cuter, but...it's far from a complaint on my end, surely. I really am blessed with wonderful companions.
"Thank you for that. I feel guilty, about Hina especially."
"There is something that I have for you. Lady Hinata asked that I allow you access once the year ended and a new one began."
"I see. I'll be looking forward to that."
We continue our walk down the forest path, which quite wide and has been beaten by the feet of many common travellers over the years. Perhaps even decades of use, thinking about it. This road leads up to a small village, called Ebicha for the fallen red-brown leaves that cover it from autumn to late winter. It's centrepiece is a certain shrine, called the Kigiku Shrine. We head straight for it and pass under the torii, ascending the stone stairs and going down the long path towards the worship hall. On one side is the temizuya used for purification. Erika and I slip off our gloves and go through the motions at the water basin. Pick up the water ladle. Left hand, right hand, mouth. The handle of the water ladle we use. A symbolic purification before we continue our approach. There is already a crowd of people milling about. I don't think there's anyone I know around, which is good.
"Looks like you've made it."
"We have. Thank you for your invitation," Erika says to the person approaching.
"It's always been my pleasure. Lili, are you well?"
"As well as I could be," I say to Ruki. She looks as lovely as ever, wearing the traditional priestess' clothing for her work. A pure white blouse paired with red hakama, and a thick red ribbon on the back of her head.
"I see. Kakashi did mention that you had gone through something serious a few weeks ago. I hope that this can be a time of healing for you as the new year comes. By the by, he's around here somewhere. Oh, and I got you these." Ruki hands us several wooden ema to write our prayers on. "You can call it a late Christmas gift if you want. They're on the house all the same."
"Thank you. I'll be sure to write something of substance on it."
"I know you will. The money goes back into the village coffers, so...while we'd rather not sell them, they're a decent source of revenue, especially around the holidays like this. The world and its old ways are changing, sometimes in strange ways. You never know what to make of it...ah, but I'm rambling on. Follow me, there's a spot where you can write your prayers down properly and then hang 'em up."
We trail behind Ruki, looking around at the trees, the many buildings in the distance, and the stone lanterns that line our path, glowing with pale light. I wish there were less people, but this isn't too bad. It's somewhat calming. As for what I will wish for...what my prayer might be...
The queue for the small table moves along at a good pace. There is a small sort of box, a private space that shields the writer from prying eyes while others wait. Erika goes ahead of me, and finishes quickly. I feel like I know what she might ask for, and hopefully she gets it in short order.
In my case, there's a lot to ask for. There's a lot that I want...but there are few things that I truly need to ask the kami for. One favour is enough.
Erika and I stand near the lion dogs that guard the shrine, in front of the haiden that is placed in front of the shrine's main sanctuary where the kami are said to reside. We both bow our heads and pray. Then we clap our hands, once, twice, three times before raising our heads and leaving.
"The new year should be fruitful for us in the Leaf."
"You think so?" I ask Erika.
"My analysis of recent events has brought me to this conclusion. Lili...please remember your strength. Not because people are counting on you, but for the reason that you are meant for more than this. The world is changing, and it is someone like you who will be able to make it turn in a way that blesses all of us."
"I see."
"One day, you will shake the heavens with a roar so loud that it cannot be escaped. From there, you will know what needs to be done."
"..."
My wish was a simple one. Strength, and good luck...love, and prosperity...simple things that could have been requested. But those things can and will be gathered under my own power. I asked the kami for vision. Not for me, but for my loved ones. Many people run into obstacles, and can't see past them for one reason or another. But if they have the sight, they can gain the proper wisdom, and make decisions for themselves. I make this prayer not so that I can abandon them, but rather...so that when the time comes, and they make the choice to walk beside me, I know it will be because of what they feel in their hearts.
Making those hard decisions for themselves, in the way that I did. But without that terrible trauma. Gaining the strength that I did, without having to sacrifice the last remnants of their memories. Finding the truth, without having to kill the person you used to be in a fit of anger. I want more for them than I received in this life.
"You're right, Erika. Thank you for being at my side. I really do appreciate it."
"I never had to worry about that much. Please continue growing in mind and body. I look forward to serving you properly in the future...Lady Hokage."
"You just had to ruin the moment." I stare at the ground, trying to hide my blushing. "I appreciate your praise of me, but...don't get ahead of yourself. Someone like me might never become popular enough to be Hokage."
"I suppose we will see soon enough." She nods ahead of us. "Miss Enjou and Major Hatake have arrived."
"Now that you're done with your prayers, it's time to enjoy a nice hot cup of cider or three before the year is over," Ruki says with a smile. Kakashi trails behind her and gives us a friendly wave.
"Thank you again for this," I say.
"Not a problem. You know, I have a feeling that quite a few wishes will be granted this year."
"What brought you to that conclusion?"
"Mm...something about the change in atmosphere. The kami do have a habit of showing out whenever someone particularly influential arrives."
"She's talking about you," Kakashi says. Ruki frowns and huffs at him.
"Seriously! Ruining the suspense like that!"
"Then it was a good thing I came around. Helping others is always good, and it costs nothing to do."
"You were blushing earlier. Was Erika teasing you?"
"I bet she's flustered because of that one word..."
"You really are a pain in the ass, Sharingan Kakashi."
"Heh. Who knew that calling you 'Lady Hokage' would make you retreat into your shell so quickly."
"I am going to hurt Asuma badly one of these days," I mutter. Aside from the bullying...the cider is really good.
The year comes to an end in a way that feels different from when it first began, for many reasons. I look to the sky and watch the fireworks bursting apart, a cup of hot cider in my hands.
Things will continue to change...for the good of us all, this time.
"A blessed and prosperous new year to all."
I smile and give Erika a nod. "Yes. To a wonderful new year."
We tap our cups together, and watch the sky fill with colours once more.


Chapter 97
Scarlet Justice - ep. 97"Impression"
"My comrades, who have supported me for...no. Not it. My friends, who are bonded to me in life and in death, I must...no. Not that...either."
It's a few days after the beginning of the new year. I've decided that it has to be now...with each day that passes, my ability to resolve this issue properly decreases. I don't want to keep this from my loved ones any longer. Even if it means they...
"..."
I don't want to think about it. There's every chance that I'm overreacting, like I was with the old man. He told me that I did the right thing, and I know my logic was sound. It's just that...how will the others feel? Wouldn't killing their own family be a step too far, even on the battlefield? The choice between 'winners' and 'losers' in that single moment...
A burst of cold winter air snaps me back into reality. The Hyuuga residence is a place where we can have our privacy to some degree, and Hina has taken measures to keep our area clear of any eavesdroppers. Neji will be watching over us as always. A few extra bodies will be present aside from Team Eight. Erika, who comforted me despite not knowing any details, Ruki and Kakashi, Naruto and Hanabi. The information might filter down one more level, but that's the end of it, or I would hope so. But I don't care if the village commoners despise me. It's these people that I worry about the most. It's not that I...couldn't survive being cast aside. That was never the part of it I feared the most.
My body is shaking a bit as I reach the front entrance. Neji is there to meet me, and he gives a respectful nod as we meet.
"Senpai. Have you recovered properly?" he asks.
"Not yet, Neji. But there are things...I must do."
"I understand. Follow me, the others are having tea as they wait."
"You should be inside for this as well...it's something you should hear."
"With your permission, then." He leads the way, through a different set of paths that are much shorter in total length than the last few times. This is one of the areas for guests, and inside of a relatively small room is everyone mentioned from before. They're sipping tea and talking amongst themselves. Neji slides the door closed and clears his throat after I remove my sandals.
"Lady Kobayashi has arrived."
Almost immediately, I'm overwhelmed by voices in front of me.
"Boss, you're alive."
"Lili-nee! You're here!"
"Hell of a way to come back, you scared me."
"Lili...you're alright, I'm so glad..."
"I really thought something bad happened to you! Lili!"
"Everyone, settle down. Don't crowd her so much, alright?" Kakashi says as he gently moves everyone away. "I know you're all glad to see her, but we still have that announcement to get through."
I sigh. "I...it's alright. I'm really happy to know that you all care about me so much. Even after I made that request to stay away, you all thought of me, and I...sorry." I wipe at my eyes. "I was hoping not to get too emotional after the past few weeks."
"It's more than alright," Hina says from her seat. "Please, if today is too much..."
"It has to be now, Hina. I want to put this off, too...but it has to be now, in front of all of you."
"Whenever you're ready, senpai. I have the area secured," Neji says.
"Thank you, Neji."
"You okay? Maybe you should sit, you look a little pale," Kurenai says. "Seriously, don't push yourself. Like Hinata said, we'll come back another day if you just ask."
"Thank you...but I can make it like this. I feel better standing up right now."
"Got it."
I stand in front of my precious people. Nervous. Just a bit frightened. My toes curl and uncurl against the floor. I press my hands together and tap my fingers against each other. I try to steady my breathing.
"You are all...special people to me. I love and care for all of you in this room. Not just you, but...I mean to say that you're important, and I wanted you to hear this. I trust you to keep what you hear in confidence. What I don't know is if...you will look at me the same way again after I say those words. I have shown parts of myself to you and others in this world, and you sitting here have accepted those parts of me in full. That means...has always meant...so much to me."
Everyone's expectant eyes...even as they mean well, they're a bit too much right now. I close my eyes and take several breaths in.
"Shino and Hina found the note that I left a few weeks ago. Shortly before that time, I captured a messenger that had posted a letter to my door. When I opened it...it revealed that there was going to be an attempt on the lives of my immediate family. My devoted maidservant and sister Luna...and my mother Emi. I contacted Ane-ue, known to most of you as Midoriko, the woman who defeated the strongest colossal snake and helped save the Leaf many months ago. There had been an elaborate scheme put in place to block her, so...I left the village, and ran up to the mansion. When I got there...everything was set aflame."
Everyone is quiet as I open my eyes, pausing to gather myself before continuing.
"Mama was outside with Ane-ue. The barrier around the mansion weakened her slightly and blocked any sort of space-time techniques, such as summoning. We quickly devised a plan to rescue Luna. She would disable the barrier, and I would dash inside to assist directly, facing down the two mercenaries who were behind this terrible siege. I could...smell the blood before I even reached the front steps. When I...got inside. There were those two shinobi, and a third man. He had hired them and organized everything himself."
"So...are Luna and your mom okay?" Naruto asks.
"Yes," I say while nodding. "Mama is fine. Luna was badly hurt when I found her, and still willing to fight for me. But she's recovering now as well, with Ane-ue."
"That's great news!"
"It is."
"The third person...must have had quite the grudge against you," Ruki says.
"He did. He was...very close to us, in many ways. He knew me...my mother...Luna...and Ane-ue. Personally." I steady myself and take another breath in. "Because he had lived in that place for many years with us. His name was...Leonidas Rothschild, CEO of Kobayashi Rice Corporation."
"There's no way...Lili, your..."
"Father. One of the two people who brought her into this world," Erika finishes for Kurenai.
"Yes. My father. He planned to kill my mother and Luna, all the while using the event as bait to draw me in along with my elder sister. The two criminals were listed in the Bingo Book as S-Rank."
"Hiring two of them for a job like that...it sounds like the sort of thing that only big money could buy," Kakashi says. "But it also sounds like a grim situation for any one shinobi."
"One of them left to defend the barrier from Ane-ue. He, along with his partner, exhibited strange abilities that made them extremely hard to kill...I must leave it at that for now. That meant that in the foyer I was...left to defend Luna against my father, and that other shinobi."
I run a hand through my messy hair, trying to gather my thoughts again. This part is...a vulnerable part. Something deep enough that nobody really knows about. I know that these people won't judge me, but...it still makes my stomach knot up.
"This is a lot already," Hanabi says. "Your own father...hiring people to kill you?"
"Even as much harm as Father caused me in the past, he would always protect me from the worst possible fates," Hina says. "I knew that, on some level, he cared for me and hoped that I would grow into the person he thought I could be. And eventually, he did learn the error of his ways. He became a kinder person, and now he sees me in a different light. I won't forget what happened before, but I can forgive it...because I know that he's trying, and that he wants to treat me like a father should treat his daughter. But that...hearing that, it's beyond cruel. All of the terrible things that man said and did to you, Lili...and now this?"
"He continued to say hurtful things when I confronted him," I continue. "I thought that I could endure and just put a stop to him, perhaps bring him back to his senses. I didn't know how deep his hatred ran. And when he...he called me..." I let out a breath. "He called me a mistake. And it hurt me in a way that I...didn't think possible. I collapsed in on myself. I almost gave up. But...I gathered the pieces of myself together again. I found the light inside of myself, and used that to ascend beyond my broken shell. I became the most terrifying weapon to ever exist. I crushed that shinobi, that man who had taken the lives of so many others, and left him bleeding on the floor. From that point...it was only the three of us."
I swallow the lump in my throat.
"I asked my father, over and over, to stand down. It was my love for him that tore me every which way, and it was my love for him that persisted enough to call for his surrender. I wanted to shoulder the pain, I wanted to take on the sins of that man, as awful as he was. He hurt me so many times before, and...perhaps foolishly, I wanted to see him whole again. I continued to reach out to him, even as the time grew short. But he kept approaching, with awful intent. And then I saw him reach into the pocket of his suit and...I..."
"Boss-"
"Let me finish...let me finish, Shino."
"Right. Sorry."
"It's okay. You meant no harm. I saw him...and I heard him threaten Luna, who was in no condition to do anything. And so, I acted before he could."
I move my arm and make a shooting motion with it.
"I used my technique and shot him, right through the heart. I had already come to the conclusion that he would not stop if I let him go. Even if he were to be put into a prison, his wealth and connections meant that he could order the same operations from inside of his cell. There would be no end to the pain and destruction that he would bring down upon me. Upon all of us. Nobody would be safe from his wrath. He would not stop until I was destroyed, until all of my loved ones were erased from existence. The strife, the darkness...it would never end unless he ceased to be. I never wanted that to be the final outcome, but I knew inside of myself that it had to be so. I killed my father. And I...even as I stand here before you, trembling because of those memories...to protect the people I love so much, I would...I would do it again. Only because I had to. Only because I knew that I was...never anything other than a burden to him. But even if he did all of those terrible things to me, even if he tried to kill me, there's this terrible weight on my heart. He was still my father, my family. And what I did wasn't just part of another day. I've done something that can never be taken back in the eyes of heaven. That's what I wanted to tell you all. I wanted you to hear this yourselves, and make your own judgements...to decide for yourselves what kind of person I will be to you from now on."
I wonder if I should just leave it at that, and just leave the room altogether. I don't know if I want to hear any of this. But it's only right that I hear what my comrades have to say to me. Whether it hurts or not. It's quiet for such a long while that I wonder if time itself has stopped moving. Nobody has said anything, and they're all simply looking at me with...disbelief, I think. Perhaps some pity as well. It's hard to say for sure.
"When...Haku and Zabuza died...they chose their own ways out."
I look at Naruto as he speaks.
"Haku saved Zabuza by putting himself in front of Kakashi-sensei's lightning jutsu...Super Chidori-"
"Lightning Edge," Kakashi and Ruki say in unison.
"Yeah, that. And then Zabuza...he had both his arms busted and asked for one of my kunai. So I gave it to him, and he...he killed a lot of people before lopping off that sleazebag Gato's head. After that, he was too injured to go on. But I'm sure that if he wanted to, he could have run away on us. Point is...some people make choices in life, and we can't stop 'em from doing that. Even if that was your dad, the person you shared blood with...if he did all of that to you, and then tried to kill someone you cared for right in front of your face...then there's nothing wrong with what you did, Lili. I know how it feels. I lost my head when I thought Sasuke died, back on that bridge. I just wanted to...to kill Haku, right then and there. But even then, my head cleared and when I saw Haku's face, I couldn't go on."
"What Naruto is trying to say is that it's a difficult thing to strike down those you feel close to," Kakashi follows. "They might hurt you, wound you...but still, you think that they can be saved. You think that if you just yell a little louder, look a little angrier, they'll see the error of their ways. But sometimes that isn't enough. Jiraiya and Orochimaru...it was the same for them. Orochimaru, who had already escaped the grip of the Third Hokage, was also confronted by Jiraiya, his comrade through many battles and wars. And yet...even that supremely dangerous criminal couldn't be struck down by his friend."
"I could never think less of you," Erika says. "In that moment, you made a difficult choice. You did it without hesitation, even as you understood the impact. And it's more than enough that you wanted to save the man you called your father, even as you found yourself forced to deliver justice unto him. You are not a monster, Lili."
"She's right. You're not a monster. You're not a bad person for what you did. We can argue that you could have just injured him, that you could have walked away or turned him in yourself," Kurenai says. "But you understood better than anyone else what was at stake. Your life, the lives of your family, and so many other innocents. He had already taken lives before...it's hard to imagine that he wouldn't do so again, just to get to you."
"He was an awful bastard who deserved the punishment he got. To hell with him," Hanabi says angrily.
"Lady Hanabi, language-"
"Brother Neji...respectfully, fuck that noise."
"Ugh." He shakes his head.
"Lili-nee, you did what was right. That man was a father to you, because he did give you life along with your mother. But he wasn't anything like a dad to you. And trying to kill you, not just physically but spiritually...that's the kind of scum that deserves to rot in hell. We're here for you, and will always be here for you. So don't worry about us rejecting you, or thinking that you're some sort of horrible monster. If you draw a sword, then expect a sword to be drawn on you in return. That's what my Daddy says. What your father did was unforgivable, Lili-nee."
"I agree with my sister in full," Hina says. "I still think the best of you, Lili. I always will. What your father did was unacceptable and out of line. The outcome was just and deserved. You are not a monster for what you did, and you are not alone."
"Hanabi made a good point," Ruki says. "Father or not, he tried to kill you and Luna. When he made that unfortunate choice, he sealed his own fate. I don't feel sorry for him at all...just for you, because you really did do everything you could to try and save him. But he rejected that, and hurt you to this degree...it's an awful, abominable thing. I hope he suffers for it, forever."
"You acted decisively to save a loved one, and the lives of many others. You did more than enough, Boss," Shino says. "The courage to take on that sort of situation, the worst nightmare of many shinobi...that is something that should be praised above all else. While your father's death is unfortunate, it was an outcome that ultimately he chose for himself. I could never think badly of you for that, Boss."
"As a person who had dark, violent thoughts himself in the past...and as someone who was ultimately saved by compassion and understanding...it's hard not to think that there was some other way to settle the strife," Neji says.
"Seriously?! Neji, you're-"
"Brother Neji is not simply being contrary here," Hina says to Hanabi gently. "His experiences are valid too. Let's listen to him, okay?"
"You're right. Onee-sama, I apologize. And to you especially, Brother Neji. Please, continue."
"Thank you, Lady Hanabi. I do understand your initial frustration, but it's as Lady Hinata said. My approach is from a different perspective. Naruto here used his fists and determination to open the door of my mind. Lord Hiashi was then able to give me the information I needed to start my healing. I...can only wonder, if senpai had done what she could to harm him without causing his death, perhaps with the same passion that Naruto gave me...would that produce a different outcome? Would another approach give him a second chance, something to think about from the inside of a prison cell? Would that not also be justice? What if I did something shameful, like the things I had inside of my head...bringing harm to those like Lady Hinata..."
"You thought about that?" Naruto asks.
"Brother Neji has told me that story, yes. He was filled with so much hatred and sorrow, and it twisted his world view. I accepted that part of him as well...and I know that he has changed for the better," Hina says.
"Yes. I know now that my father gave his life for the sake of the brother he loved. Taking all of that into consideration...this is the conclusion that I have reached. Some people simply cannot be reached in time, no matter how hard we try. There is always tomorrow, yes. But the decision must be made on both sides. And at some point, the sand in the hourglass will run from top to bottom, and we will be in a place where nothing can be done. Senpai's father...what he did was the equivalent of cracking open the hourglass and spilling the grains of sand onto the floor at her feet. He mentally battered her, threatened the lives of her family, and backed her into a corner with no other options. Forgiveness may be infinite, but our capacity, not just as humans, but as people, is limited. There are times where the resolution to conflict must be violent. We must take up the sword, or else be destroyed by those in opposition to us."
"So...you ultimately agree with the actions that Lili took?" Ruki asks.
"Without question. We can only rescue those who wish to be rescued. And beyond that, in our fight for the greater good, we may come across those must be struck down, even if our first wish is for them to surrender and live to see another day."
"It seems like we're all in agreement," Kakashi says. "We can see that it took a lot for you to come to us with this, Lili. Thank you for trusting us."
Everyone bows their heads towards me. I feel tears coming to my eyes, but...at least this time, they're not born of despair. Not just accepting what I did, but understanding it. Showing me the right things, instead of saying what I wanted to hear. Speaking with passion and grace, giving me reason to hope for a better future. I know that I'm not deserving of this, nobody could possibly be. But I accept it, all of it. I will never forget this beautiful, pure feeling. I don't have to be afraid anymore.
I get to the floor as soon as they raise their heads, going to my knees and bowing my head until it's pressed against the wood.
"Thank you...I'm unworthy of this love and praise. My hands are covered in blood, and may very well be for a long time. But with you, I can do anything I put my mind to. Thank you for your kindness, for your compassion. I love all of you...thank you so much."
I raise my head to see Hina in front of me, smiling. She wraps me in a warm, wonderful hug. I close my eyes and accept her loving embrace.
"Nothing more needs to be said, Lili. Please forgive yourself...and remember that you are loved."
After today...that is something I will never forget.


Chapter 98
Scarlet Justice - ep. 98"Ventures"
The apartment is quiet, as it would be with only one occupant. I keep to my chores and eat as properly as I can. I really do miss Luna in these times, but I want her to recover and rest for a long while. Emi has put her on leave, and I will not go against her wishes. It's also just a case of me being stubborn, as I could get anyone I wanted to cook for me if I just asked. I simply don't feel like bothering them with things that are so trivial. What I have here is more than enough for now.
"Mm. This works for tonight's dinner." I pull my precious curly fries out of the oven and bask in the delicious aroma for a while. Ah, heavenly. The salmon has already been cooked, and so I am ready. I've received some mail today that needs to be read. That can be done at the kitchen table.
"The usual junk...Luna has already taken care of this, so I don't need it...already paid all of these. At least the postmaster is kept busy. No wonder Midori-nee got rid of this junk in her world." I shake my head before sitting down to eat. Ah, there's something...
"Another postcard."
It's from Fio. She sends these frequently, at least once every two weeks. There's never a return address, but the cards are usually from a tourist location so I can figure out where she is on the continent. This one is from last week, which is a reasonable time frame. She's still in Lightning Country. Her goal was to scale ten different cliffs before the month was through, and she did so. There's a picture attached of her celebrating the new year at a festival. And of course, there's another cheeky message.
"Hi, Lili! I miss you tons, like always. Finished scaling those big cliffs out in the wilderness, total rush and all that. Also, it's more work towards those legs you like so much. I've been eating pretty well, still not much meat on my bones, though. I think that will come in time. I'm sure you're annoying the heck out of everyone within a mile of you, so try to be nicer, yeah? Otherwise you're gonna have to deal with me! I'll always be thinking of you, Lili...I love you so much, and I always will. Take care of yourself, and remember to eat your veggies!
~ Fio."
"What a silly child she is..." I sigh. "I know that I miss her more than she does me."
The days of playing games in front of the television until I fell asleep...reading manga and light novels...lying on the couch from day until night, munching on snacks. Good times. But that cannot be the entirety of this time away from work. I want to go outside. Somewhere...far away. What would be a good excuse?
I ponder that while finishing my meal. After washing and drying everything properly, I go to my room and search through my documents. Something has been nagging at me for a while. Something that...I needed to do. What was it?
"Something to do with Fio...oh. Oh my goodness, I nearly forgot in all of this chaos. I commissioned that item for her, didn't I? It's well past the time to pick it up. Hopefully he isn't too annoyed with me by now." If Fio is still in Lightning Country, which she should be, then I can pass by and pick that up for her. Hot Water Country is on the way there. It's perfect, really. I couldn't have planned it out better. There's every chance that she's not where I think she is, but...I could use the exercise. I'm going to take this opportunity to see her. And...I'll tell her about that incident myself.
"To the Hidden Cloud village, via Hot Water Country. Sounds good," I say with a nod. "I can pack a few things, and see about my authorization tomorrow."
This will be good. A long journey alone to clear my head, and perhaps see my beloved at the end of it all. Okay, the phone call.
"Special Aide Imari Hyuuga speaking. How may I help you today?"
"Good evening, my love. This is Lili Kobayashi."
"Oh, Lili! How are you today? I heard about what happened from Lord Hokage..."
"I am fine today, thank you for asking."
"Good. And I want you to know that senpai and I don't think anything bad about you. You did what you had to do."
"Thank you, Imari."
"It's no trouble. Now, what can I do for you today?"
"I would like clearance for a trip outside of the village. There's a certain item that I have to personally inspect, and truthfully, I can't stand being stuck in the village forever."
"That only makes sense. I'll take care of that for you. Please give me the relevant details, in order."
"Yes. Lilith Caroline Kobayashi, 012599. Captain, Clearance Level A. 04-20."
"Thank you very much. That...should do it. I'll handle the physical paperwork, you can relax and make your way out by tomorrow if you so desire."
"I think I will do exactly that. Thank you, Imari. How has work been, by the by?"
"Not too bad, actually. Senpai's showing me the ropes, and I'm picking up on the details faster than I thought I would. All the encouragement doesn't hurt," she says with a laugh. "I'm getting there, day by day."
"That's lovely to hear."
"Your faith in me is definitely being rewarded. I'll continue to work hard."
"I know you will. Take care, Imari."
"I will. You do the same, Lili."
"Promise. Until the next." I hang up and clap my hands together. "Very good. I get to leave tomorrow...we can start packing in earnest now, then."
"The old man sent me over here to do a health check."
It's now the next morning, and I've been up since dawn making sure the apartment is clean and everything is secured properly. I made several phone calls to my loved ones, informing them of my intentions and assuring them that I will be fine on my journey alone. Tsunade has come by to do a quick physical evaluation, which she performs by looking me over and putting her hand on my head.
"Hm. Nothing off that I can see from here. You should be good to go."
"Thank you."
"Yeah. Just remember to take deep breaths if those nightmares come back, alright?"
"One of the reasons I've been looking forward to this trip...I want to confront those parts of me properly. I know that I won't forget what happened, but I can try to move past it, at least."
She nods. "Good. I'll see you later, then." Tsunade pats my back gently before leaving. I gather my equipment one last time: the backpack filled with my essentials, clothing, and small meals. My tools, which will be properly on my person. Some compact survival items. I'll also have my armband on me, just in case anything comes up. Technically I'm still on leave, but I'm still a member of the Leaf. Any misunderstandings should be cleared up quickly. As for my outfit, I've decided on the one that I was wearing while chasing after Sasuke. It will be warm and durable enough. Actually, I should make that order for the sweater in alternate colours...dressing in all black so often might be a little too chunni, even for me. But the aesthetic is nice, so...
"Sweater, check...shorts and socks, check. Shower is done, and my hair is fine...finally ready." I nod to my reflection before making sure my window is secure one last time, then I lock the door behind me. One last glance at my home, and then I step through the front door and secure it. A simple set of paper seals will be able to tell me if anyone has paid an unscheduled visit. I put a note on my front door, which contains leads to a certain mailbox that contains the actual away note for those who have access. Everything is in order.
"Goodbye for now, Hidden Leaf."
I reach the front gates and take a deep breath before passing through them. Nothing on my mind now but reaching my first destination. My feet take me down the road, and before I know it, I am inside the forest. I jump towards the first branch I see and leap into the air, slowly falling towards another in the distance.
I have the world to myself for now. It's time to make the most of it.
A day passes as I run. I had forgotten how much speed I put on in the past few months; this sort of light running allowed me to cover quite a distance already. I suppose the next battle will be exciting for that reason alone, whenever it might be. I rest for a few hours before taking off again, reaching one of the main roads and running along the shoulder. A rest stop comes into view and I slow down to have a look. There's a farmer transporting milk by wagon.
"Really? I'd sure appreciate if you looked out for me and my cargo a while. You guys from the Leaf do a good job, so there aren't too many robbers around, but extra protection is always nice. Hop in the back and let me know when you want off."
I get a few treats for the child pulling the wagon, and she's appreciative. As soon as I get properly seated within the wagon, we head off. I can feel the wind going through my hair, colours starting to blur slightly as we pass buildings from time to time. There are waves of rolling grass, some flowing into golden fields of wheat, others grazed by leisurely moving cattle.
It's easy to forget that we're still in winter. Obviously it's not the same everywhere, but this is my first real look at Fire Country in this time of year. Last year was devoted to getting acquainted to the Hidden Leaf and how everything worked. The feeling...it's like a cool spring, with no snow or ice as far as the eye can see. I close my eyes and let the sensations of nature filter through my body. A very pleasant experience. I really should do more things like this when I have time off. Being connected to the world like this might be what truly completes me in the end.
My friendly farmer announces that he is turning east, and I take it as my cue to continue on my own way. I bid him and his lovely child farewell with small gifts, then continue north along the paved road at an even pace. I should reach Hot Water Country in good time...but I could also make a detour west, to a familiar place. Ah, perhaps another time. I'm not terribly far from my destination at this point, so I might as well continue. Night falls, and the border comes into view. A growl comes up from my stomach.
"Right...I haven't eaten anything hearty in a while, have I? I should slow down and have a proper meal."
I search for a good spot to rest, moving carefully through the trees. Something favourable does come up - a nice, flat location next to a moving stream. Perfect. I carve out a shallow fire pit a good distance away, then venture back towards the tree line to find appropriate timber. Some good application of lightning chakra and a kunai help me cut through some wood in short order, and I start up a fire easily.
"Good. That should do. Now...for meat. Venison tonight, and fish for the road later? Hm...that should do nicely. Time to hunt."
I make sure my things are secure, hanging my bag in a nearby tree before venturing back into the forest. Fortunately, there's a deer nearby and I use Mobius for a certain kill, ending its life immediately. I butcher it on the spot, like I remember Luna showing me one day, and then carry the pieces back to my camp. The fish aren't terribly hard to catch with my reflexes, as I take my socks off and wade into the cold water. Three should do, since they're of a good size.
"Now to clean. Let's see how much I remember..."
I take the packets of herbs from my backpack and rub them into the meat I've prepared. The deer is roasted over the open fire, while the fish will be smoked once I have the fire die down. I believe doing that should help with preservation. In any case, it shouldn't be too long before I get to eating them on my journey. I've crafted a crude sort of box for this purpose, and it sits ready as I cook the pieces of deer. The smell is already making my mouth water. I can't wait to eat.
"And...finally done. Now to start with the fish...then we'll eat."
Naruto would give me grief if he saw this scene: a pile of cooked meat, and not a vegetable in sight. I say a short prayer and take off my sweater before finally digging in. The meat tastes even better than it smells. Only a tiny bit on the tough side, but nothing to complain about in these conditions. I eat as much as I can, enjoying a bottle of fortified milk that has been kept cold in my backpack at the same time. The remaining pieces are cut up a bit further and sealed away - perhaps they could be used for sandwiches when I get my hands on some bread in town.
"Ah, that was good." I pat my full stomach and sigh happily. The fish should be done smoking in a few hours, which is more than enough time to get some sleep. I wash up in the stream, find my thin sleeping bag, and inflate it with two measured puffs of air. One more look at the fish, camp is cleaned up, and I shed some more clothing so that I don't overheat in my sleeping bag. I think I'm ready now. I reach out into the forest with my senses, and can't detect anything of note. If anything, there are a few traps to alert me to unwelcome visitors.
I zip up my sleeping bag and shuffle around a bit to get comfortable...and finally feel myself drifting off to sleep.
It's...dark. I can feel the tension in the air. I know this place...I have been here before. One too many times.
This is the same nightmare that has been playing inside of my head, over and over, for the past few weeks.
There is a man standing in front of me. My father. And my body is...I'm losing control of it by the second. I can feel myself slipping away. There are hateful, murderous urges inside of my head. They swirl and swirl, threatening to take over. But I feel like...maybe I can win. Maybe I can beat this. I keep thinking that...
And then my father appears from another angle. And another. And another. And another, and another, and another. So many copies, too many of them. They keep speaking, saying the most hateful things. My body fills with rage and pain, and I can't stop those emotions from taking over.
I snap.
I reach for the first one I see, and he looks at me like I'm nothing, even as I crush his throat. I plunge my hand through the chest of another, and he smugly looks at me while falling to the surface of this unforgiving void. A kunai appears in my hand and I tear through more of them, killing, slaughtering, even as more keep appearing. The blood continues to flow, endlessly. My rage does not subside. I feel nauseous. I don't want this. I want it to stop. It has to stop. Stop, stop, stop, stop...please, stop it...
And in the madness, I can...hear myself laughing. I know that I've lost control. I know that...that I...
My eyes snap open.
"..."
It's still dark out. Dawn has yet to arrive.
My heart is beating fast, and I'm covered in a cold sweat. It's difficult to breathe for a while. I...I feel so filthy. So dirty and shameful. I keep having those...those sorts of visions, over and over. Is what I truly wanted the opportunity to...ruin him? To take his life and enjoy the sensation of it? It's such a mess inside of my head right now, even though I've come so far. These nightmares are certain to continue for a while. All I can really do is endure. I don't know if anyone can really help, or if this is something that a human being can fix. I don't think it is...
Remembering what Tsunade said, I take several deep breaths in and out. I feel a bit calmer as a result, and can function properly. It feels unbearably warm and I'm already sweating a bit, so I get out of my sleeping bag and properly deflate it. I take off the rest of my clothing and set it down before wading into the stream, splashing the ice cold water over myself. Any remnants of drowsiness have surely left by now, and I wasn't planning on going back to sleep anyways.
"I really am a mess..."
I sigh and step out of the water, going to find one of my towels so I can dry myself off a bit. The moon is a bright crescent in the sky as I glance upwards, feeling the morning chill sink into my skin. The fire is restarted, and I take the time to check on the fish. They look fine enough, but I can leave them where they are a while longer. Right now, I just...need to escape into nothingness.
The fire's warmth helps me dry as I sit near it, and I stare into the waving flames while occasionally poking at the embers with a stick. I feel a bit better...not having to think about anything important for a while. A small respite from those terrible nightmares, that's all I could ask for...
Dawn eventually does come, and I prepare to leave my small refuge. I take the fish and wrap them up neatly before dismantling the box I used. I put out the fire properly and make sure any significant traces of my presence have disappeared. When everything is done, I get myself dressed and leave my small refuge at last.
Another trip up a main road heading north. There's another traveller passing by with a horse and covered wagon, and he offers a ride, across the border at last to Hot Water Country. We don't talk very much but he seems relaxed with my presence. As his stomach rumbles, without a second thought I offer my venison from the previous night. He's quite appreciative, and it's far from a big loss since I still have those fish to eat later on.
In a happy coincidence, his delivery will take us straight to the place I was aiming for: the Village Hidden in Hot Water. What I remember of that man, Hidan...he had the headband with this village's symbol on it, a slash going across it to indicate that he was a missing-nin. Kakuzu was from another minor village, the Hidden Waterfall. I wonder what that place is like.
"Here we are. Thanks a lot for the food, it was delicious."
I nod and give him a small donation, which he starts to protest before I shut him down with a firm look. He sighs and praises me entirely too much for my liking before heading out. Immediately, I can see that this shinobi village is much different from any other. Quite a bit of fanfare on the streets, and tourist traps abound. The layout of the streets and shops, the signage...catering to tourists. Shinobi are on patrol and visible in their maroon outfits. A hidden village doubling as a resort town...hm. Could this be a possible future for the shinobi world? Something to think about.
An abundance of steam comes from the many hot springs dotting the area. As a result, there are quite a few inns and hotels in proximity of each other.
"Mm. Perhaps I should rest a while. Right now, I think I should complete my errand before it gets too late."
I shoulder my backpack and head into the heart of the village.


Chapter 99
Scarlet Justice - ep. 99"Ascent"
It's not terribly long before I find the building that I was looking for.
A sturdy looking design, composed of brick and mortar. Rustic red with a large window at the front of the shop to display some of the wares within. Weapons of all kinds are precisely positioned to catch the light, coming from many different places in this world. There are the longswords near the katanas, the strange chakrams next to crossbows, leather whips and metal flails. Plate armour, chain mail, metal chains for combat, helmets, gauntlets and greaves.
Certainly impressive, and a quick display of the owner's skill and expertise. But I already knew that much, which is why I hired him in the first place.
"So...this is it, then." I open the door next to the window and step in to the sounds of gently singing chimes. There are more displays within the shop, racks of clothing and weapons spread out in individual sections with the most expensive equipment placed along the walls. The counter is towards the back half of the shop, and I walk towards it while waiting for someone to assist me. Emerging from the back room is a woman with long black hair, her stomach bulging slightly beneath a blouse and worn overalls. Her smile is warm and familiar.
"It's very nice to see you again, Lili. Welcome," she says in her soft, airy tone.
"Lovely to see you again as well, Airi," I say with a small bow. "You're with child, congratulations."
"Thank you. Zen will be here with your request as soon as I get him. Was there anything else that you wanted?"
"No, no. Thank you, regardless."
"Understood. A moment, please." She disappears into the back room again.
"Oi, don't go moving around too much," a voice calls out. "I appreciate your help, but there's no need to act tough, Airi. Eh? Oh, she's here! Alright, gimme a minute or two to grab her kit. I have it stashed somewhere safe."
Airi reemerges and nods. "He will be out in a moment."
"Please, take your time. Are you alright to move around so much?"
"Very much so...as I remind Zen so often, I still have my pride as a working woman to consider. When our child is closer to entering this world, perhaps I can rest a little often."
I smile at that. "I see. It only makes sense that you're as stubborn as that man is. You really are perfect for each other."
She giggles behind her hand as Zen arrives.
"Alright, got it. Nice to see you again, kid." He's still the same bald and muscular man that I remembered, but one thing has changed: he now has a thick beard of dark brown hair. As usual his shirts can barely contain his physique, and there's a heavy apron on his person that is no doubt used for metal working. He sets the metal box in his hands down on the counter. "Heck of an outfit you've got on."
"It's actually quite comfortable and durable. More than a few missions have been carried out wearing this."
"Interesting...well, that and all the flare you've got on it suits you from what I remember. Anyways, here's the gear you requested all that time ago. I was wondering if you were gonna come up here for it, or I'd have to ship it over to you. It's good that you're here, since I can show off the functions to you in person. I'll show you in the back, so step right up."
Airi unclicks a lock and flips up one section of the counter to let me through. The three of us travel through the small office that's directly behind the counter, and into a workshop.
"This is where I fiddle with things before putting them out or giving them to customers. The real deal workspace is a few doors down...but we'll have a look at this one in here, since it's nothing too flashy or dangerous." He sets the box down on a metal table in the middle of the room and opens it, revealing my order at last. "Hope you like it."
"Very hard not to...it looks very well done." It's a pair of metal gloves, made from that rare commodity Red Iron and crafted to be extremely flexible with detailed and articulated joints. They have a glow to them in the room's lights. Complementing them is a pair of sandals that look like they're from another world, somewhat. They're made from the same material and look just as flexible as the gloves, with cushioning on the insides.
"So, I'll explain how it all works. That way you can answer a few questions if your lady friend has any questions for you. First thing I'm gonna show you is this." He picks up one of the gloves and puts it over his hand. It seems to fit snugly, and that makes me raise a brow in confusion. Fio's hands are not that big, so...
"Wild, huh? Go ahead and try it yourself, you'll see what's going on."
I nod and pick up the weighty glove, putting it over my right hand. To my surprise, the fit is just about perfect. Whatever material is inside moulds itself to fit my fingers perfectly, and I have a great response when I move my fingers around. "Oh...that's certainly something..."
"Instead of making something to custom fit, we used the data we had to go with something more adjustable," Zen says. "Airi suggested it, actually. To sum it up, the material on the inside of the glove moulds itself around the user's hand, no matter the size. When you're ready to go, you just close your hands and flex your chakra a bit through the gloves themselves. Then they get nice and taut, like a boxer's hand wraps. All of the main features on the glove respond directly to chakra output. But this feature is handy because it means that you don't have to worry too much about wear on the inner lining, or having to order a new pair every year because of a growth spurt. I know you like throwing business my way, but it's better to take care of your customers properly the first time."
"I very much appreciate that. This feels quite comfortable and secure," I say as I swing my hand through the air a few times. "Yes, this definitely works. There was a reason I left this to a genius like you."
"Ha."
"And of course, Airi's brilliance cannot be understated. You make a wonderful team."
Airi smiles and curtsies for me.
"There's more stuff here. I followed your notes as closely as I could, and put in a few features that your friend will like." Zen makes a half seal with his gloved hand, and I see a few holes open up on the glove's cuff. When he makes a different type of seal with the same hand, holes on the knuckles open. He makes yet another seal, and all the openings close. "Your partner there uses Boil Release, of the type made famous by Han from the Hidden Rock. But that makes sense, since he was her old master after all. I used that bit of knowledge to work on integrating that into the glove, and it worked out just fine. When she creates steam, she can use it to further regulate the pressure against the hands if they like, sort of like an air cushion. There's also some hollow space inside of the gloves themselves, so that she can store and release high pressure steam. It took a bit of testing, but I managed to get it down so that the completed glove won't rupture or explode from the high pressure being exerted on it. Because of that, you can put different kinds of chakra in there too and make use of it."
"Did you use chakra to open those vents just now?" I ask.
"Yep. Same as you do to activate the glove get it primed. You use some specific hand gestures, which are pretty much the same as the handseals you shinobi use. I asked some local shinobi to help me out with that part, and then I made different parts of the glove respond to different levels of chakra input. The amount isn't very much, so even an old man like me can operate these things. You just flex your chakra a bit using different gestures in different position, and certain vents are opened and closed. Really easy for seasoned shinobi like you guys."
"Ah, I see. So there are sequences we can learn, or perhaps program into the gloves themselves. And from there, it will come down to muscle memory. Well, she's very good when it comes to that, so she will definitely be happy with this system."
"Good to hear. If you look at the valves, they're all individually adjustable, so you can mess with the opening and closing speeds, the air flow, the amount of pressure, all of that. There are a lot of ways that she can use these things if she feels like it, and I included a set of instructions so that she can get a hold of the basics and figure out what fits her the best. Oh, and see here..." Zen takes off the glove and points at the inside of the cuffs. "I put in space for those wrist things you mentioned. If she ever takes those off, I included a similar set of discs so that she can seal the gloves that way if she wants."
"Very thoughtful of you, and supremely helpful," I say as I continue to inspect the glove. Truly remarkable craftsmanship on his part...I couldn't have imagined something so complex, even with all of the detail I left in those notes. My eyes move to the sandals as I set the glove down. "Do these work in the same way?"
"Pretty much. I went back to your notes and included some extra ventilation for the feet. They're made from Red Iron too, so they're heavier than the average set of footwear, but durable as anything you can think of." Zen holds up one of the sandals. "Airi came through with another suggestion. I made them able to transform, so you can use them if you want a more every day type of shoe. So the default setting is what you see here. There's a little button on the outside of each foot, you press it and at the same time output a little chakra while moving your finger...then you can adjust the heel and have it pop out to the height you like. Maybe you like a casual heel, maybe you like a taller one, whatever works. The slope there changes and the soles and cushions in there keep your feet comfy."
"Hm." I press the button and nothing happens. Then I push a bit of chakra into it while sliding my finger downwards, and the sandal responds. A short heel emerges from the bottom, sturdy and unmoving. I repeat the button press and slide my finger upwards, and the heel retracts, leaving a normal bottom again. "I see. It's very nice...Fio should like it for outings. Being able to switch from heels to flats in an instant is every girl's dream."
"That's what Airi told me," Zen says with a chuckle. "That feature sounds like it'll come in handy, then. Like I said, you've gotta put chakra into those spots manually to transform, so it won't be triggered in the middle of a fight, or by climbing trees and walking across water, or anything like that. The gloves operate on the same principle, they won't do anything unless you ask 'em to. I included two extra pairs of rings with inscriptions on them, they're kind of like training wheels just in case there's any trouble or you want to give them a spin yourself for a while. They help to coordinate power for the gloves, but as a result everything operates at reduced strength. So when you're ready to use the gloves for real, you'll want to take those off. But your friend there sounds like a vet, so she shouldn't have any trouble."
"You said that instructions were included, yes?"
"All in the box. Airi and I wrote them together. We made sure to keep the main parts simple in a quick guide, but the real meat of the instruction manual is a lot denser than that. All sorts of advanced technical knowledge to dig through if you're hungry for it. If you've got a question, we made sure that it's got an answer somewhere in there."
"Yes, I see." I inspect the items one last time. Fearfully made, these...exceeding my expectations in many ways. Fio will certainly love them. "Thank you very much. These new tools will certainly be appreciated by their future recipient."
"I should be thanking you for making the order in the first place," Zen says with a smile. "Seriously, I haven't had this much fun in a long time. I like making normal weapons, but a challenge like this is always welcome. If you think up something else crazy, go ahead and give us a call."
"I very well might do that. There are more friends of mine who would appreciate some unique tools."
"We appreciate your patronage very much," Airi says.
"Very good. I'm happy to know that I've brought some joy into your lives. It's a fleeting thing in these times."
"Oh, right. Turns out we've got another connection aside from being old work buddies. Heard you met my niece a while back," Zen says. She's getting married to some hippie who used to work for the Hidden Frost Village. Kid's a handful sometimes, but...I guess that's why she likes you so much."
"It must be so. Has she been well lately?" I ask.
"Yeah, she's doing okay." Zen starts to put the items back into the box neatly. "You know how Rei is, a good kid with a few quirks here and there. She and her new boyfriend are making a way for themselves. Ah...I call him a hippie, but he's far from just some common treehugger. Guy's got a real eye for weapons. I told him that if he wanted some freelance work, I'd be happy to have him onboard. No questions asked."
"That's nice of you."
Zen shrugs. "Nothing to it. It's the right thing to do, he and Rei are family. Where she's concerned, I'd do a lot for her sake."
Airi hands me a scroll and I use it to seal away the box. The scroll goes into my backpack as I set it down. "Thank you both for your hard work, I am quite grateful to you. I will leave you to continue business as usual, so please take care. I will see you and our darling Reiko soon." I reach into a compartment on the side of my pack and pull out a small envelope. "The promised payment for your services. You will be the first number I call if I have anything that needs to be crafted."
"Got it." Zen takes the envelope and looks inside. His eyes widen. "Hey, this is way too-"
"I won't hear it."
He goes to argue but stifles his protest, sighing instead. Airi gasps as she takes a look inside herself.
"You know, you're a stubborn one. Listen, you make sure that you show up for the wedding now..."
"We will be sure to attend, as promised."
"Good stuff. And one more thing, there's a formula on the bottom of the box for transport, if your lady friend Fio should need it. That's our lifetime warranty at work, and we mean lifetime when we say that. The box will be reverse summoned back here whenever she wants, and she can call or mail us if she needs something smaller like an extra part. Instructions are in the manual too. It's the least we could do for an important order like this."
"Incredibly generous of you. I'll let her know everything you've just told me."
"Be well, Lilith. Bless you," Airi says with a smile.
"Thank you. Good health and prosperity to you both, and your child. Until the next."
I bow politely for them both, and Airi lets me out past the counter before I leave the shop altogether. The warm air of the village greets me once more. Everything has gone better than I could have hoped...the tools for Fio are impeccably made, and I can't wait to see her smile when I deliver this gift into her hands. Speaking of her...I still have a ways to go before I reach my final destination. Frost Country still has to be crossed, and it's far from an easy adventure in the winter months. Fire Country might as well be a tropical paradise in comparison. My clothing is far from inappropriate, but still...I am not particularly excited to cross that sort of terrain.
"..."
I should give myself time to breathe instead of rushing. I did say I was interested in resting a while, so I can stand to be a tourist for a while longer. I don't feel tired or anything, but something is telling me to take this opportunity while I still can. I walk through the village and have a look around at the various rest stops, trying to see what suits my mood best.
"Mm...lots to choose from, but nothing suitable quite yet. Ah, perhaps I spoke too soon."
I cross the wide street and pass a shaved ice stand, spotting a small inn. It looks to have been converted from a residential home with two levels to it, and there is steam escaping from a few chimneys on the roof.
"Let's see what's inside."
I enter through the front door and step into a cozy space, with a reception desk that is crafted from polished wood. The receptionist politely explains their services, and I pay them upfront for everything to get it out of the way. I overhear from some other patrons that it's a bit pricier than the other places in the area. I'll learn the reason for it soon enough, good or bad.
"Thank you, ma'am. Please enjoy your stay here."
And as I soon learn, the quality of service is more than worth the higher than average prices. An expert masseuse undoes my knots with her deft hands, there is plenty of high-quality food to eat, and I am practically waited on hand and foot for the evening. Likely owing to the exclusive feel of the establishment, there are not too many people wandering around, and those that are tend to be of middle-age or older than that.
"Here you are, ma'am."
"Thank you." The outdoor pools are lovely around these times of year. I take the bottle of strawberry milk from my helpful hostess, and she bows before retreating indoors once more. I put up my hair and make sure that my towel is secure before stepping into the warm pool, sinking down until it reaches my neck. This feeling is extremely pleasant, and I settle in with my back against one of the walls. The silence is welcome - I am alone again, and thus free to think without distraction.
"..."
Those nightmares again. The ones that continue to plague me without end. I even find myself thinking about them during the day. But...I did say that I wanted to confront them properly, and this is the best way to go about doing so. I am not yet freed of those chains, but one day I will be. The scene from that day is vivid. I find myself standing in the burned out mansion again...my father's body lying on the floor, blood spreading out around him. A piece of me did break once I fired that final shot. I can't simply move on all of a sudden. I did hate him...I did kill him on that day. But he was still my father. And it's for that reason that I cannot so easily escape those feelings.
For some, the pain is far too much to bear. They start to disassociate, desperately trying to find a reliable way to deal with the pain inside of their heads. For others, it is only the pain that remains inside, torturing them as an unshakable phantom at their backs. For me, it is...quiet. Sorrowful. The darkness contains a lonely place where I look at my reflections in gilded mirrors. The girl who lusts for blood in one, the girl who ruthlessly eliminates targets in another, and the girl with shining wings of light in the last. Not different people, or different personalities to swap with in stressful times. Each of them is who I am as well.
"Cold and shattered dreams...those things that I had long tried to forget."
I take a sip of milk and look into the evening sky.
The nightmare comes again as I sleep. It fills my head with darkness and leaves me filthy again, as much as I try to tell myself otherwise.
I roll out of bed and take a warm shower, though it doesn't help much with the lethargy I feel from being awakened so suddenly. Sleep will not come again tonight. After my shower I dress lightly and look through my bag for a certain item. It seems I've forgotten it this time, which is unfortunate. Finishing that strange novel where I ended up as the lead character somehow was something I wanted to get done. But perhaps that's a sign as well. I shake my head and walk over to the phone, dialing room service. There's a drink I want to try, since I'm already awake.
"Here you are, ma'am."
"Thank you very much. A pleasant morning to you."
The gentleman gives me a bow before closing the door again. I've made sure to order a sizable breakfast, since I am a growing young lady, and something from the west that's called an 'espresso'. Ibiki was talking about it some time ago, and my curiosity has gotten the better of me. I grab the nearby remote and sit at the table with my tray of food, then turn on the television.
"Winter league baseball is on, then. Mm..." I flip through a few channels before spotting something interesting. I've seen this before...it's called football, but there's a lot of passing with the hands. They call actual football 'soccer' over there. Strange. What I finally settle on is one of those winter sports that uses a stick and rubber disk. 'Hockey' is what it's called. You need a lot of strength and balance, along with the ability to skate well. I don't know anyone who plays...maybe that could be a sport that could become popular here, in the future? They're played in those indoor arenas after all, so the ice has to be kept cold by some means.
This 'espresso' tastes quite odd, but not unpleasant. I already feel more awake than before as I watch the athletes on the television screen.
As dawn arrives, I do my normal stretching, gather my things, and check out of the inn, after leaving a small gift as usual. My milk supply is reloaded, and I am far more relaxed than when I came in. It was a very good excursion, to say the least. Making this small stop was the correct choice in the end. Now, I think I am ready to take on the world again.
"Or at least that terrible frost-ridden corridor..."
I sigh and make sure my scarf is pulled tight. Exercise is good for the mind and body...I might be tempted to fatten myself up while coasting on a boat to Lightning Country. The cold will be good for character, or some nonsense that Kakashi would dole out from time to time.
Alright. Frost Country, here I come.


Chapter 100
Scarlet Justice - ep. 100"Together"
My first proper crossing into Frost Country brings me through the majesty of the forest. The cold bites into the small portions of exposed skin on my face as I run. It's night by now, and dark beneath the canopy of old trees. I can navigate easily enough with my abilities, and occasionally take to the air, skipping above the tops of the trees and enjoying the sensation of weightlessness. The skies are clear tonight, and I can see the shining stars beyond my smoky breaths.
Absolutely beautiful.
"How many people can see the same sky, at this moment?" I ask myself. "Nature is such a wonderful gift to us mortals. So very lovely..."
The cold sweeps in briefly to remind me that nature is indiscriminate in addition to its wonderful aesthetic. Freezing is a real possibility if I stop too long to admire the sights - there's a reason why even shinobi stick to the main roads at this time of year. That wouldn't be too pleasant, and a tragedy above all. Well, I am being a bit dramatic. Frostbite is easily dealt with these days.
I stop on a branch to confirm my course and mentally map out the fastest way through the country. Fubuki and Yamato's land, then...and Ittan's, of course. One day, I should explore a bit more. Oh, I will actually get that chance soon enough. I'll be looking after those children, won't I? An owl lands beside me, snow white with thick feathers. It stares at me briefly with what looks like understanding before returning its gaze to the distance.
"Hm." I dust snow from my sweater absentmindedly. "A lovely night, is it not?"
A small response comes from the owl as it turns its head, and I smile while nodding.
"Always nice to meet a fellow stargazer. Time must be made for sights such as these on the road of life. Otherwise, it's not much of a life lived at all."
Another hoot of familiarity.
"It's time for me to move forward again. Please take care, and I will do the same."
My companion spreads their wings and hoots once more in approval. I step off the branch and fall forward, bounding off the next foothold and back into the space above the trees. The cold air is stimulating as it fills my lungs, a half moon dominating the sky ahead.
This enrapturing beauty is something that I will dream of for many days to come. I feel...peaceful, in a way that I haven't for such a long time.
Mid-morning arrives and I finally feel the warm rays of the sun once more. A sturdy branch allows me to rest a short while before I continue on my journey, slicing quickly towards the eastern edge of the country without an extended pause. Hugging the southern edge, near the sea, and following that out. After that, it will be a matter of navigating the terrain ahead. With another day passing and little sleep, I find myself accelerating past the border and into new territory. The forest is broken up by a desert with tall, weathered rock formations, then by hills and peaks as I move. After several hours of running, I am among the mountains. Rivers and streams flow endlessly outwards, looking to unite with the coastline and the oceans beyond.
"Quite warm here..." I put away my scarf and unzip my sweater a bit to get some extra air. A few localized thunderstorms are sounding off in the distance, which only makes sense for a country named after lightning. Steam is rising up from a few places as well - the hidden village proper isn't known for its hot springs, but there are quite a few natural ones there and around the country itself. But it might be a strategic consideration, perhaps keeping the village less visible overall unlike the Leaf. There have been mutterings that the development of infrastructure to better facilitate tourism and trade has led to an increase in security breaches, such as the one I dealt with the other day. We will have to see what comes of that.
The terrain is rough, but I feel confident today. My feet take me quickly through and I check my heading once more to make sure that I'm on the right path. Northeast from here...simple enough, really. The wind rushing by me is refreshing in this humidity...the clouds above look like they're on the verge of bursting, as they have for the past few hours now. But here is an interesting sight...I come to a quick stop in order to marvel at it.
"I forgot to pack my camera as well. Another time, I suppose."
Whether this is fog or the result of very low cloud cover, I cannot tell. But my vision is obscured from this point on. What I can sense is that I'm near the edge of a valley, and that there has to be a substantial amount of water in it. Long, and quite wide. It must be deep as well. There is...something there. A very distinct presence that I can sense, hidden away within that fog. I will hold my curiosity at bay today, but I have to wonder what could be lurking in such a place...or rather, who. It may very well be a shinobi, or perhaps a missing tailed beast. If I'm not mistaken...the Three Tails is currently on the loose. Perhaps it could be resting here? In any case...I don't think I would be equipped to take on such a task, and it would be ill-advised to seek out danger. The long way around will do, just so that I don't cause any disturbances that would have Cloud shinobi harass me.
I casually continue along through the various mountain ranges, noting that the presence has not moved an inch. Night eventually falls and I am still some distance away from the village. Perhaps another day at this speed...my muscles are burning just a bit from the constant climbing, but I welcome the feeling today. As Hina once told me, pain is the sign of life.
"I should sleep. Properly, this time." I find myself a flat surface, set a few compact traps in the area, and unroll my sleeping bag. My outer clothing comes off and is set into a messy pile nearby before I bury myself in the sleeping bag and put my head down. Exhaustion barrels into me all at once and my eyes close.
I shouldn't be so foolish. Going back to a regular sleep cycle will be best once this is over with...
"Mmph..."
I wiggle out of my sleeping bag and rub at my eyes. My hair is a complete mess, I can feel it. Not that it matters...I really was exhausted from everything earlier. It's going to take a few moments to get myself moving.
"Not even a dream, then..."
One boon was that I didn't have that terrible nightmare again. Small mercies, it seems. Such is the will of heaven. Though I wish said will didn't make my head throb so much. The relative quiet of the mountains allows me to hear the echoes of hooves impacting rock. The mountain goats are out today, and I observe them climbing the nearly vertical faces while gaining my bearings.
"They will speak of the glorious splendour of your majesty, and I will meditate...on your wonderful works."
I blink and shake my head before finally rising. The last of the smoked fish, some bread and milk to wash it down. I get myself dressed and apply a comb to my hair with a casual set of strokes. Really, it's nothing to worry about too deeply until I reach the village itself. The sleeping bag is put away once more, I disarm and dismantle my traps, and start through the mountains once more. A soaring hawk follows through the sky, and as morning shifts to afternoon, the clouds become more and more dense. Not much in the way of roads, which leads me to believe that most people in the village never travel much outside of it, compared to places like the Leaf where travel is normalized, or the Sand where regular travel has become necessary for several reasons. I pass through a thick veil of clouds and find myself on top of a structure built into the side of a rock face. From here, I can finally see it.
"I'm here, then...good. It's been a long enough trip."
A village built on top of mountains, reaching into the sky. Impressively built, and complicated in its design to my eye. Walkways go to and fro, suspended above the valleys below. There are regular pathways, of course, but many parts of the village are elevated. All of the shinobi are fine with this, and so are the civilians as they move along. The Cloud has their personnel in long grey shirts and bottoms, with those iconic one-strap jackets and guards on their arms and legs in white. What jumps out at me the most is that everything around looks impeccable. With all of the military spending, one would assume that appearances would be lacking, but it seems like the village is not wanting for anything. A stark contrast to the Hidden Sand, with high class shops all over and a well-decorated village entrance. I head down to it and make a normal entrance to the village, passing through without any fanfare.
"Fio...she might be here. Hopefully she is. The trip won't be a complete waste, but..."
I feel like I'm rested enough today. There's time to look for her properly...I wonder what I should do first. Perhaps checking out the local restaurants would be a good start. She does need plenty of food. But then I would have to figure out where those establishments are...hm. I should try not to cause too much trouble. A silent, subtle approach works best for now. I search for a high perch and make my way up to it at a leisurely pace, climbing manually and playing the part of a tourist to perfection. Best to make them guess whether or not I'm just fit instead of a kunoichi infiltrating their abode. The peak that I'm climbing has a small ledge that I stand on, and I can get a read on a lot from here. If Fio truly is present, I will find her in short order.
My eyes close, and I remember the feeling of her chakra. That unique warmth, something that gives me sweet and happy memories. I reach out and that familiar wavelength bounces back to me.
"She's here."
I focus to make sure, and it is her, definitely. She's just a bit down the road, and I carefully descend the mountain's face towards the pathways below. I jog lightly and keep my gaze pointed ahead, feeling that she hasn't moved anywhere. I wonder just what she's like right now. I wonder what she looks like, what she feels like. I wonder about the changes she's made, if any at all. I wonder how much she's grown. I know it hasn't been terribly long, but these past few months have felt like it, like an eternity plus a day. I just want to see her right now. More than anything else.
There. She's looking at fruit, admiring them with that curious gaze I remembered. I found it adorable, just as I did her. Should I...? I feel so strange, now that I'm here. But I should follow through, shouldn't I?
"Fio?"
I worry that my voice hasn't carried far enough, but her head pops upwards, and then it turns towards the timid sound I made. She has her white hair tied into two bushy tails, and they seem to move gently along with her as she turns herself to face me. Her shirt is patterned in all the colours of the rainbow, and she has rugged pants that are rolled up to her ankles, with her feet bare.
"Lili...is that really you?"
Her smoky grey eyes start to brighten as she recognizes me, and then she smiles. It's a smile that is bright, and wide, and beautiful, and it's everything at once somehow. Just as I remembered it. She runs towards me with her arms open and wraps them around me, pressing her fingers lovingly into my back. I hug her back and it feels like I've always been next to her like this...the warmth that made me feel safe, and unworthy, and loved at the same time. I didn't realize how much I needed this, from her. It wasn't that I was alone, but I...I missed her. A lot.
"You came all this way to see me. That's...really, that's so sweet of you," I hear her say.
"I love you that much, you know...even if I don't say it out loud, because of how stubborn I get..."
"Like you needed to say it. I always knew, just from the way you looked at me. But this...oh, it's everything. I could have been anywhere, you know? Taking such a long journey, just for me...gosh, how could I even imagine it..."
"I really did miss your warmth," I say.
"I missed yours too. The last time we were like this, I felt like I could have floated away."
"You might be lost if you do that here. We're quite high up as it is."
"Hehe." We finally separate and look at each other. Fio smiles and nods towards the street ahead of us. "Wanna celebrate by buying me food?"
"Of course. Whatever you like, my love. There is no finer occasion."
"Awesome!" She takes the opportunity to wrap her fingers around mine, locking our hands together. I give her a reassuring squeeze and we start our walk together through the village. "Oh, I hope you don't mind too much...kind of updated the look while walking around. Hit or miss?"
"Definite hit. You're still wearing that little accessory, I notice?"
Fio presses her fingers against the choker I bought her all that time ago. "Pretty stylish, I think. Works with a lot of outfits. Plus you bought it for me, and...well, sentimental value. All that junk."
"I see. I'm flattered."
"I got the pants because I wanted to climb some, and not have to worry about ruining the nicer stuff I had on. As for the shirt, there was a nice girl who was making them out in the country, so I bought one off her. Has a great feel to it, and I loved the look. Just pops with all the colours, you know?"
"I can see that. You look lovely, Fio. All of it is very you. Even the bare feet."
"Hehe. I actually do a lot better climbing like this, and running around, everything really. There's some cool tech I worked on that we can talk about later. I've actually been pretty productive lately!"
"I would love to hear about it, then. Hm...let's try this place here. Does barbeque sound good today?" I ask.
"Sure does! Let's go!"
We head into the restaurant and are seated at a table promptly. As always, Fio is quite hungry and I make sure to order as much for her as she desires. The waitress takes away our menus and leaves two glasses of water before disappearing. I drink mine down in one go, since my throat suddenly feels very dry.
"So, what sparked this sudden desire to run halfway across the continent to come and see me?" Fio asks from across the table.
"I...simply had a longing to see you. That was really it, as I said before."
"Yeah? I think I know you a bit better than that, Lili. Come on, it's something else. What is it?"
"Well..." Being this easy to read isn't like me. "I...did have something for you. Something that you should have in person."
"Really? That's so cool! But..." She crosses her arms. "There's more than that, isn't there? You're worried about something. Something recent. Am I right? Probably needed to get away, right?"
"I..."
"Hey, don't worry about it too much. If you need something, I'm here for you. Just like you were there for me, Lili."
"..." I suddenly feel guilty, and afraid. Doing this again...talking about that event. Everyone else was accepting, but even if she loves me this much...I don't know. Could she forgive me doing that? Killing my own father, even if it was to protect someone else? I want to believe that she won't think badly of me. I could just leave it at the gift I have for her. Perhaps that would be enough, and we could leave everything else behind us.
"You alright?" Fio asks.
"I'm fine, Fio. Please, don't mind me too much. There have been some unsettling events...I will tell you everything after we finish eating here."
"Sure. If that's what you want, I promise that I'll listen to everything you have to say," she replies with a smile. "I worry sometimes when I see you get nervous like that. You're normally so...confident, and like a big old rock that weathers whatever comes its way. You know what I mean?"
"Yes. But really, you shouldn't worry that much. Everyone has these sorts of moments. Even the strongest in this world."
"Ah, yeah. That's true."
"Your hair looks lovely," I say. "You've been taking care of it properly."
"Doing my best, yeah. Helps that the regimen is pretty easy, too. Nail polish is still around, though! I've been trying to take care of myself like...normal girls, I guess?" She shrugs. "I'm super low maintenance."
"That's perfectly fine. If you're comparing yourself to me, please don't. I usually take a lot of time when it comes to appearances. Old habits, social signals...things of that nature."
"You're sure I don't have to worry about it?"
"If we're on an outing together, I can take care of that for you. But you look lovely as you are, Fio. You've done well."
"Thanks. Makes me feel good hearing that...ooh, our ribs are here. This is the good stuff, I can tell already!" Fio rubs her hands together as the plate is set down. I mostly watch her eat and take a few bites myself, not having much of an appetite at the moment.
"Not eating much today?"
"I'm not very hungry. Please, don't worry about me," I say to her.
"Maybe I should," she says as she wipes her mouth with a napkin. "I mean, your hair is a mess today. Usually you're so on point with yours, you know?"
"I know. As I promised, we can talk once we're finished eating."
"Okay, got it."
We finish and render our payment, and then Fio happily pulls me to a quieter place within the village. I set down my backpack as we stop.
"Nice, right? I was wandering around the other day and stumbled on this spot. I'm guessing it's somewhere people rest, or maybe it's something for couples."
I nod and look over the nearby railing at the village below us. We're up high enough that clouds are roaming to and fro, periodically obscuring my vision of the people walking back and forth. At night, it must be really nice to get a good view of the sky and the stars within. Fio sits on the bench nearby and gives me a reassuring smile.
"We had our dinner, and a short walk up. Now you can tell me what's happening, yeah?"
"Before that...I have something for you."
"Oh, right! You did mention that. What is it?"
"You remember the item you asked for a few months ago? I just picked it up on the way here. So since it's finished...I want you to have it right now." I rummage through my bag and come up with the scroll, unrolling it on the ground and making a single seal. The box appears on top of the formula, looking none the worse for wear. I pick it up and hand it to Fio as she sits.
"Whoa."
"Please, go ahead."
"Hmm..." She sets it on her lap and scrutinizes it. Her head tilts from side to side, and she closes one eye to properly focus the other. I watch as she gently shakes the box and smiles. "Hehe...so I remember that I gave you notes to work with, but I really do wonder what I'm gonna see when I open this up. What has my Lili got for me this time?"
As she opens the box and sets the lid aside, her eyes widen.
"Wow...wow wow wow wow!"
"You...like it?" I ask.
"Like? That doesn't even come close to describing it! Look at these! They're so cool! Awesome! Oh, wait wait wait...let's try the shoes on first..." She takes out the sandals and puts them on her feet, bouncing up and down in them. "Yeah! These are so comfy! Like walking on fluffy pillows!"
"There's a switch there you might like," I point out. "On the side there. You should sit, or else you'll lose your balance."
"Ooh, okay. Show me?"
I nod and slide my finger across the buttons as she sits, extending the heels downwards. She gaps and stands up again to start walking.
"Whoa, almost...ha! I need to get used to walking around in heels." Fio smiles before twirling once, and then strikes a pose. "Super classy! I can turn heads with this for sure. They don't feel too bad in this form either...I'm gonna keep these nearby for dates and meetings and stuff. You know, to look like a professional woman type and all that. Being able to shift back to flats is awesome. But I won't wear these around too much as it is...part of that new tech I was developing means that I won't need shoes or stuff for my feet anymore." She scratches at her cheek. "Ever had to peel hot rubber off your feet? Not a fun time, I'll say that much."
"It sounds decidedly unpleasant."
"Yep. But it's still an awesome gift on your part, Lili. Thank you so much."
"You're very welcome. I know you're waiting to try out the most exciting item, so go ahead with that."
"Sure! As long as you're okay with watching me totally nerd out for a long while!" she says with a laugh.
I smile. "Seeing you happy like this is precious, Fio. Take as much time as you need, and I'll be right here."
She smiles back and nods, taking off the sandals and setting them back into the box. The metal gloves come out next and I can see her eyes sparkling as she looks at them.
"They're so beautiful, Lili. Wow. Super neat...let's see. So my hand goes like...ohhh...oh, that's so soft and snug..." She slips on both gloves and flexes her hands. "A perfect fit, that's amazing! Feels like I can wear these forever." I watch as she stands up and punches the air rapidly. Her fists move as red streaks of colour, making the air whistle as she picks up speed. Forward, ducking and weaving while throwing faster combinations of punches. She shifts her weight around and doesn't seem to be missing a beat.
"Wahoo! This is so cool! And if I remember my notes right..." She makes seals with her hands and steam flows from the vents as they open. "Yes! Oh my gosh these are so so so so perfect! Even better than I dreamed up in every way! The feeling, the response, and even the weight...it's all perfect! Oh, and there's a manual...I'll read it front to back and back to front for sure!" Fio smiles and stares down at the gloves for a while before taking them off, putting them into the box neatly.
"It sounds like everything is to your liking," I say.
"Beyond expectations. Lili, you're all kinds of amazing. Thank you so much for this," she says as she gives me a hug.
"It's among the least of things I could do for you, Fio. And you did make that passionate request...I would be remiss to turn you down in that moment."
"It totally isn't a small thing. You are everything," she says happily. "I know you won't hear anything about me repaying you for something like this, but I'm going to become the best woman I can be, just so I can make it up to you."
"You don't need to tell me that much. It will happen soon enough," I say with sincerity. "I'm glad that this made you so happy."
"And in the meantime...I haven't forgotten, you know. You have to tell me what's on your mind."
"Yes...I should."
Fio looks at me with concern. "I've never seen you this nervous before." She seals away the box and sets aside the scroll, pulling me into a seat beside her. "Lili? Please tell me what's going on..."
I fold my hands in my lap.
"It's a difficult story, but one I need to tell you in the end. There was an incident at the mansion several weeks ago, before the new year. Mom and Luna were targeted."
"What?! Are they okay?"
"Yes. The estate and everything in it was attacked by mercenaries and their underlings. The two leaders were members of Akatsuki."
"I've heard that name before," Fio mutters. "Apparently they work for cheap on behalf of shinobi villages and other people. They attacked your mom and Luna? That's so awful! Why did they do something like that?"
"There was a reason for it. Luna...she saved my mother, but the two Akatsuki were there, hunting them both. In order to give her time to escape...Luna faced the two shinobi alone. I got a letter delivered to my home, and then I rushed to the mansion after contacting Ane-ue...she got there first, and summoned me to her. Many things happened...we found out that someone had planned this out, nearly every detail. Even poisoning my mother...we ended up going out to save Luna and disable the barrier that was meant to keep Ane-ue away. When I got inside, I...faced the mercenaries."
"Don't rush yourself, alright?" Fio says.
I nod and take a breath in. "When I got there...along with the mercenaries, my father was inside."
"Oh, no. Was he hurt, too?"
"No. No...you see, he was the one behind all of this. The very client that hired the mercenaries for the attack. The one who targeted all of us...marked us for death."
"..." Fio pauses in shock and places her hand on my shoulder. She's trying to find words, but it's difficult. That only makes sense. It's not something that is supposed to happen, in this world or any other. "That man...he organized all of that?"
"Yes."
"Your pregnant mother and Luna...even your older sister. He...tried to kill them all. And you too...isn't that the case?"
"Yes. All of it is true. And when I found out, I could hardly take it. Eventually, I...I just..."
"Lili..."
"I...snapped. I broke apart in those moments," I say quietly. "I couldn't keep myself together, and had to embrace the darkness just so that I could carry on. And I did. I gathered the strength I had, and with every feeling inside of me sealed tightly, I killed the man from Akatsuki that remained. Ane-ue took care of the other, and disabled the barrier. But that...was not the end of it, Fio."
"Listen, you don't have to push yourself. It's okay if you just stop," she says as she squeezes my shoulder. "I can hear more when you're ready."
"It's not okay. As I said to the others...it needs to be now, in this moment. Otherwise, I might never come back to it with you." I slowly raise my head to face Fio. She's terribly worried for me, but I made a promise. I have to see this through.
"Then...if you feel strong enough. What happened after you killed that mercenary?"
"My father...refused to surrender. He refused to see reason. Even so, I continued to try and stop him from making even greater mistakes. But he chose to advance, and there was that moment...where he decided within himself that he was going to kill Luna, after already hurting her so much. He refused to listen to me. And so, when he decided that...he was going to see his vengeance through..."
"..."
"I raised my hand and killed him. He was my father, and I killed him. There was no outpouring of grief in that moment. No pain. I shot him, and he fell...and I felt nothing. Without hesitation, I took his life."
In the next moment, I feel Fio's warm hands on my cheeks. She guides my face close to hers.
"Lilith...listen to what I tell you."
"Fio?"
"You are not a monster, Lilith. You are not a terrible person. What you did was not wrong. Don't ever think that, even for a moment. Don't say it to yourself. Don't believe it. To force you into that sort of choice..." Her voice is firm, and I can see the determination in her. More than anything, she's fighting to try and help me. "He must have had words for you. What did he say?"
"..."
"Lili. I know it's hard, but I want to help you now."
"He said...that I was a mistake. And his last words to me..." I take a breath in. "As he started to bleed in those moments, he called me...a worthless bitch."
"All of that is a lie. He is a liar," she says fiercely. "You are not a mistake, or a worthless bitch. You are none of those things. Calling you a mistake...those were just the pitiful cries of a weak, cowardly man. I remember what you told me, Lili. I remember hearing that you touched the plains of heaven, and no failure, no mistake of a person would ever get that far if they were to exist. You and I, and all of the people we know, we are not mistakes. We're not errors or broken copies. But more than that, you are a blessing. To me, and to everyone you've ever been close to. You have me, and Hina, and Luna, and Midori, and Emi, and everyone else you can think of. You have a family, one that you built with your own hands and the blessings of heaven. You belong to us, just like we belong to you, and would do anything for you. You are not, nor will you ever be worthless."
I nod, tears coming to my eyes. "I...thank you, Fio. I just..."
"I know it's hard. I understand perfectly. Our fathers are the first men we meet in life. The first ones to spend precious time with us...and most of all, the first men that we ever come to love. All we ever want as girls, and as women, is their love and approval. To be deprived of that, even as he was dying...to have your entire life void of love from a person who helped create you, who you loved and trusted with your very existence, over and over...something like that is an abomination above all else."
"I...I have nightmares, Fio. About killing him, over and over. About losing control. They come almost every night. Those hellish dreams about my secret self, about all of the blood that pours from him and covers me..."
"What a cruel thing to leave you with." I feel our foreheads touch gently. Her warmth is flowing through me.
"Fio...I'm so broken inside. I made so much progress, I stopped myself from falling apart, but still..."
"I'm sorry, Lili. I know that it's not enough to lift you on its own, but...I'm here for you. Even as much as I want to just make it all better, I know that it doesn't work that way."
"What do you think of me?" I ask. "I must be..."
"There's nothing wrong with you, and I'll say it over and over. You're not an awful person. You're Lili. And you always will be to me. I'll take up that burden along with you, for as long as it takes. I'll be a part of your new family, the one that has always loved you, and will keep doing it until the end of time. And I hope that one day, I can love you forever and ever as your wife. There's a space in your heart that I know won't be easily filled. But I can always start, and I can always try my best. I'll...I'll be the person that your father never was. You'll be whole again."
"Fio..."
"I know you came out on this journey to clear your head, and to face the darkness and nightmares inside of you. That's what I've been doing these past few months myself. As long as you continue the struggle, I know that things will get better. Nothing will ever truly be forgotten...but you have nothing to apologize for, Lili. Please remember that."
"I...I will, Fio. Thank you..."
"Yes. Anything for you, Lili."
I finally close my eyes, feeling Fio's hands squeeze both of mine gently. I squeeze back to let her know that I appreciate her. It's only a small bit, but...I can see light coming back properly into this dark space of mine. My precious friends, and now this...
For the first time in a while I feel...safe again.
"You're not alone, Lili."
I know that voice. I know that she's been watching over me this entire time...and that her wish was for me to be strong enough to make it through on my own. Without him.
I know that what she says is true...that I'm not alone. And I don't think I ever will be, no matter what path I take from here on.


Chapter 101
Scarlet Justice - ep. 101"Asagao"
The same nightmare as always. Those bodies...keep falling around me, piling up and leaking blood. I erase copy after copy of my father with my bare hands. I'm tired. I want to stop this. I want to go home. But my body won't stop moving, and this anger won't subside.
I want to move forward. I want to...change. For the people that I love, and for myself.
Suddenly, I see something coming towards me in the distance. It's a wave of water, towering high above me and everything else. It crashes down on my head and washes everything away...the blood, the filth, the endless corpses. I feel myself floating freely, being cleansed as everything becomes still.
"Lili."
The water slowly flows around me and disappears. I look up and watch a woman with red hair start to float down towards me. I...know this person, don't I?
"You are...?"
She holds me in her arms and strokes my head.
"It's alright. You don't have to worry any more, okay? I wish...I could have done more for you."
"Momma...?"
"Yes. It's me...I wanted to give you this moment of peace. This reminder...do you remember?"
"Lili...you are not alone."
The next morning comes, and I yawn before getting up. Fio and I have checked into a hotel to stay a while, and last night we had a hearty dinner. The extra calories are welcome at this point...but then, I don't even laze around enough to worry about that. I wonder how much it would take on my part to even get a little plump. I get into the shower and take care of my face and hair after about a week of laziness. Proper tooth brushing, with a good length gargle to clear my throat. And finally, a proper brushing of my hair along with essential oils added in.
Through my haze I remember that Fio wasn't in bed with me as I got up. She used the shower before me...I wonder where she might be. Breakfast, perhaps? Hm.
"I need a coffee. If she's down there I should follow her lead."
The weather is definitely a bit cooler in the Cloud, but it's not that bad. I replace my towel with a bathrobe and some slippers before starting my search for Fio. Something out of place catches my eye - the unlocked sliding door that leads to the balcony. So she's out there, then.
"Good morning."
"Hey."
She's slumped over the balcony railing as I reach her.
"You know anyone who smokes?" Fio asks.
"The Hokage, and his son among others. Why? Are you interested in that sort of activity?"
"I hung around some folks who smoked...not tobacco, though. Something else that they said was relaxing and junk. You know what I'm talking about."
"Yes."
"I might try that out one day, when I'm a little older. Just to see what it's like. Stave off boredom. Things like that."
"Mm. I see. Is that what you're struggling with now?" I ask as I stand beside her, my back against the railing.
"Nothing like that. Just...thinking. Maybe too hard about some things."
"Did you want to tell me about your adventures since leaving Fire Country? You did mention working on several things and keeping yourself occupied."
"I did, yeah. I, uh...went home the other day," Fio starts. "It wasn't one of the first things I did, but...you know how it goes. Or maybe you don't, so I should explain. I picked up an odd job while moving around, and they had a shipment of fruit out to the Hidden Rock. So I got myself attached to it. Short thing, payment as soon as the delivery was done. Then I was free of the little contract and could do what I wanted. So I did that. Ended up in the village with no issue. Found myself with some extra cash and some time. So...I stuck around. Home was right where I left it after some looking. Didn't make myself too conspicuous. Took my time and decided to make a visit a few days later."
She pauses a while.
"Someone I didn't know answered the door. And...they were the new owners. We had tea, they were pretty nice." Fio lifts herself from the railing and places her hands on it. Her eyes stare at the mountains in the distance. "Said my dad offered them the house at a decent price."
"Oh...your parents, they...?"
"They moved. I guessed that what happened to me screwed them up real bad, probably couldn't stand living in the house anymore. But...it was a little more than that. I went over to try and be normal again, but things weren't like that. Which was...I guess unsettling at the time. I did a little detective work, asked around...figured out where they were staying and happened to catch my dad coming home from work, same time as always. So I stopped him and we had a conversation. I didn't drop everything onto him at once, you know?"
"That makes sense. So what ended up happening afterwards?"
"We had tea with Mom, in their new and smaller house, not too far away from the old one. She was...a lot thinner, to be sure. I was sorta worried, but she said that she was fine. It was nice for a while. And...then I told them what was happening. I explained who I was and why I was there, sitting in front of them. I recited everything that I knew, told them things that only I could have known as their daughter. I could...see it. That spark of recognition in their eyes. That understanding. I was suddenly there in front of them again."
"That's wonderful to hear, Fio. I know it must have been a shock to them, but...for you to finally come home, it must have been the greatest thing in the world," I say.
"Yeah. It would seem that way, for sure."
I freeze at those words. "Fio...? What does that mean?"
"My dad...my father. He told me a story," she says as she moves away from the railing. "About their daughter. Her name was Fionne Mutou. She was eleven years old, a prodigious kunoichi that had a proud mother and father. He told me about how there was a search for a few months that was called off because investigators found evidence that she had likely died. All of the evidence added up. He told me that for that entire year, they fought and fought and fought until the evidence was too heavy to ignore...and they eventually accepted that Fionne was dead. She was never coming back. He showed me the memorial. The pictures of that black-haired little girl with so much potential."
"Why...would they show that to you?" I ask uneasily.
"To make a point. To tell me that they had given up, and that I was truly gone. That their daughter had died a long time ago, and the person speaking to them wasn't her. Everything about me didn't fit, didn't make sense. Both of them, my parents...they were in pain trying to process the idea that I was their daughter, that I wasn't dead after all. But it had gone so deep in their heads that..."
"Fio, you-"
"And you know what? I...I understood them. I could see their thoughts, and I could understand them. I understood why. I saw it. Just...how this couldn't simply be. How things couldn't turn out this way. They didn't..." She shakes her head. "They didn't think I was real. I wasn't anything like their daughter. I wasn't...a person in their eyes. I know they wanted to believe, but they couldn't handle it."
"You didn't accept that, did you?" I ask. "After you had come so far, after you did so much...you didn't let them..."
"I wanted to fight. I had the words in my mouth. But I ended up looking at them...I just saw the pain on their faces. They didn't even...touch me. Not once. So that they didn't have to...so that they could just keep believing that I wasn't real. And they kept saying that they were sorry, that I hoped I found my way home...I had to stop myself. I had to accept it. Even if they didn't want me to disappear again...to be left as a memory. I was already dead. It was...over. All I would do is add to their torment."
"They're your parents!" I yell with anger. "They can't just turn away from reality! Even if you weren't real, even if you were just some wandering spirit, they shouldn't have done any of that to you! Rejecting you, throwing you away, denying your existence...you came back to them! No matter what happened in the past, you came back! You endured! How could they do that to you?!"
"They must have thought I was a hallucination, or someone who had mixed up memories. I...don't know," Fio says as she stops moving. "They're human...just regular people, in the end. They could only accept so much..."
"Fio. That's not fair. It's wrong," I say firmly.
"I wonder why it turned out that way. I wonder about their reasons. But...I accept it. I accept that I died a long time ago, as the only daughter of the Mutou family. I accept that they want to move on."
"No...it's not fair. It's not fair!" I say as I shake my head.
"I know. It's not fair. And...it was worse than that. I found out a few days later, after I left...they moved out of the Hidden Rock for good. Now I don't know where they might be. Just packed up, took their memorial and everything...then disappeared."
Tears start to run down her cheeks.
"I...got to see them one last time. Even as they refused to see me as...real. They were as kind as they could be. They gave me a chance to speak, to make my plea. But that wasn't enough. Because of that, I don't have parents. I don't have anyone in this world connected to me by blood. I...just have you, Lili. You're all I have left."
"Fio..." I try to shove down my anger. This...I can't comprehend something like this. It's despicable. Humans...just weak slaves to their needs and limitations. Fio, my Fio, abandoned and rejected by her own parents. Absolutely the worst. "So this was what you meant...when you said that you had come to run away, too."
"Yeah. I started moving around, just trying to escape the sadness. From the past that I...started to regret each day. I cried a lot, you know. I cried so much that I thought I would run out of tears, and then when I did stop, I wondered if my heart would turn to stone or something. Maybe I would never cry again, you know? But...you saved me from that, Lili."
"Did I..."
"Yeah." She smiles and wipes away her tears. "I feel like I can be myself around you. Like I finally belong. It's because of you that I can keep going, and that I want to be a better and stronger person each day. I can talk about myself...I can share my feelings with you. Everything that I've dreamed of in a companion. I know that as long as I get to see you, and talk with you, and laugh with you...everything will be okay. I know it's the truth."
I walk up to her. "You were holding all of this in. The entire time...when you were comforting me, this was swirling inside of you."
"It's alright."
"It's not alright. It's never-"
"You weren't being selfish. Okay? Don't think that. You were in pain," she says. "You were hurting so badly, and I would do anything to see you well again. Whether or not I was dealing with my own baggage. This isn't your fault. And besides...you being here helps me enough. I was able to talk about my problems. I was able to cry without shame. Just like you did...I feel safe with you."
"Fio..." I gently wipe at her cheeks. "Tell me. What will you do next? Where will you go?"
She closes her eyes. "I'm...not entirely sure. I've been thinking about travelling the world. Discovering more of myself, you know? Maybe finding Sensei and training? I...could do a lot of things. The future's opened up, now that...you know. The parents thing."
"Yes. I know now."
"Besides, you had it a lot worse. So it's good that I dropped this on you now, instead of before. You looked so peaceful this morning that I didn't want to wake you up."
"I see."
"What kind of dream did you have?" she asks.
"I saw my Momma. She ended the nightmare...she made me feel like myself again. When you held me yesterday, I heard her voice."
"You're not alone," Fio says.
"Yes. Exactly that. Did...you hear it, too?"
"I...mm. I more like, felt it? If that makes sense?"
"It does, perfectly so." I smile. "If it's like that, it means that she approves of you."
"Yeah?" Fio perks up and smiles. "That means I have a leg up on the competition! I like it!"
"Oh, sheesh!"
"Momma Caroline, thanks!" she shouts into the air.
"You really are silly, Fio."
"And hungry! I was too busy being all depressed before, so I was ignoring my tummy. Now though, I want a nice big breakfast."
"Of course. We'll eat soon enough. Before that...I want to do something for you, my love."
"What is it?"
I gently pull her into me, stroking her hair. "Just...a simple thing like this. I want to give you my warmth, and remind you of the same things that you reminded me of. That everything will be okay...and that you will never be alone."
"..." She puts her arms around me. "I won't forget."
"Neither of us will. As sure as the sun shines, I know that to be the truth."
Breakfast is a quiet affair. Ever since Fio shared her pain with me, I have been thinking heavily. Fortunately, she's a bit busy stuffing her face at the moment, so she has little time to worry about my studious look.
My thoughts...they reach back to the first days of the Academy. The place where I became a shinobi. When Hina and I first met, I remember what happened between us. I made that conscious decision to sacrifice, to give up my chance to shine brighter than everyone else on my own so that she could succeed along with me. All this after I was singled out and bullied by the other students. And from there...there were so many other times where I put others before myself. No matter the circumstance, no matter the pain that I had to take on. It is with this understanding that I weigh every option in front of me.
"..."
Home would be in the back of Fio's mind. Her first home. The family that she once knew and loved. Even as I am...I can still do something for her. I can still find the strength within myself to be of service to her. Because I love her, because she is a wonderful soul, and because it is the right thing to do.
Home. Belonging. A place to come back to. Those things that she's been deprived of in the past while. She's so strong and capable that she could survive in any way that she chose. Travelling this world of ours, just to properly clear her head. Finding her old master and possibly resuming her training, becoming strong enough to take on anyone she chose. And the Hidden Cloud has plenty of work, even the surrounding area outside of the village is a good place for mercenaries to make a living. So many paths. So many places she could go. I would support her, no matter what she chose.
We check out of the hotel after finishing our meal. Fio gives her compliments to the petrified chef, who can't believe she's eaten about half of his kitchen. Nothing of hers to pick up, and she's been making enough money on her journey. She finds her way from place to place by various means, like I did on my way to this village. The entrance to the Hidden Cloud comes into view.
"..."
I am a selfish person. Today...I will use that selfishness for the sake of a loved one. Someone who deserves everything that I have to offer, and more besides.
"Oh, hey. We're leaving already? Got somewhere in mind, Lili?" Fio asks as we pass through the village's main entrance.
"Yes, we are. And I do have a destination for us both. I have something I want to tell you, and it will be a short while."
"Okay. Lead on, then."
We continue our walk, going through the nearby mountain pass and ascending one of the peaks. It gives us a good view of the Hidden Cloud from afar.
"So. Where are we headed?" Fio asks, hands on her hips.
"Fio. Do you see the place ahead of you?"
"Yeah. That's the Hidden Cloud Village."
"What is that place like? Could it be...a home for someone?"
"A home for a lot of people, yeah. Decent place to live, I think. Different, but..."
"It's a place where people can belong. They simply have to meet those requirements first."
"Yep."
"There are places...homes...that accept people without condition. These homes are special, and precious above all else to those who stay within them. The Hidden Cloud is not such a place. But one does exist. One that is closer to you that you realize."
"Huh. I see," she says as she scratches her cheek.
"Fio. Please look at me."
She turns and looks into my eyes.
"I want you to understand...and remember these words. Keep them within your spirit for as long as you live."
"Lili?"
Time and time again...I have risen above myself, to become a place of refuge for those who thought themselves lost. And this time will be no different.
"You will find your rest in me. I will be your home, from now until time comes to an end."
Her hands drop to her sides as she looks at me, stunned more than anything.
"I...do you mean...that?"
"With all of my heart. I mean it. Your home is with me. And no one else."
"Having...a home again. Being able to make one with you, someone so wonderful...hehe." She smiles and sheds happy tears. "It's all too much...you really pull out all the stops, don't you?"
"Give me your answer...I want to hear it from your lips, Fio." I spread my arms wide. "Will you come home to me?"
"Yes. A thousand times, yes. My home is with you, and nobody else."
She runs to me, jumping into my chest and wrapping her arms tightly around me. I hold her close, stroking her head gently as we slowly turn and turn together.
"You are, and always will be my treasure," I whisper to her. "I love you, forever and always."
"Thank you...so much."
"Welcome home, Fio. I will be your shelter from now on."


Chapter 102
Scarlet Justice - ep. 102"Bluebell Prayer"
We start our trip home. It's longer than the way up; we make a few stops here and there to sample food whenever Fio gets in the mood. Some of the new flavours are wonderful, others less so. But it's a wonderful experience all around. I never did look down on street food despite my upbringing, but I have more of an appreciation for the various styles and personalities behind these mobile businesses now. Courage and confidence are key, it seems.
"Gotta say...this stuff never gets old," Fio remarks as we walk through a patch of forest. We're about to enter Hot Water Country once more, and so a warm meal is what the doctor ordered - today's is chicken fried rice, quickly and impeccably made. She stuffs her face as always. "Super jelly...mm...could never cook like this."
"Oh? You don't know how to cook?"
"Not very well...never had to worry about it while at home. Or I guess I never got to the age where my mother would start teaching me." She swallows her food. "I thought you would be in the same boat, but I guess not?"
"Luna-nee and Midori-nee gave me lessons. I'm not nearly as good as them, but..."
"Ah. You said they're busy right now, yeah? Luna sounds like she'd send me off to heaven with just a sandwich...I wanna try her food one day."
"You'll get the chance, don't you worry. In the meantime, you'll have to put up with what I can make you."
"Heh. Like I wouldn't be excited for that on its own."
Those old nightmares become less and less frequent, popping up in anxious moments, but with Momma showing up faster and faster to wash everything away. The sea of bodies becomes mere handfuls of corpses. I am becoming much stronger by the day. As for my lovely Fio, she says that she's never slept so well in her life. And nature is even more enjoyable with someone by my side.
This trip really was the best idea.
It's been nearly two weeks since I left the Leaf.
Those familiar gates at the front of the village come into view, growing larger and larger as we approach. Fio stares up at it with wonder in her eyes...this is the first time she's been here, and she is definitely taking everything in. It's a bright morning, warm and comfortable as we get to experience that familiar Fire Country weather again.
"Hm. Right, there is that matter..."
"What's up, Lili? Something going on?" she asks.
"We've talked about this, remember? Your status. I hope you remember most of it."
"Oh, yeah." She rubs the back of her head as we stop. "Can't really tell people about me so easily."
"They will quarantine you right away. For many reasons, including the fact that there are other children from the Hidden Sound here."
"You mentioned that. I was kind of surprised that the Leaf would hold onto so many people from another place like that...from what I've heard, it's a lot of work and resources."
"What was it you wanted, my love? Regarding how you will move through life from now on..."
"Honestly...I'm thinking about becoming a shinobi again, in some form. There are options within that, but I know for sure that I can get back to where I once was, and that I can be an effective fighter. You believe in it too, right?"
"Definitely."
"It's as I said before...I want to leave it all to you, Lili. I think that you know best."
"One more time," I say seriously. "Are you sure that you want to leave everything in my hands?"
"I do."
I nod and let out a breath. "Okay. Then we will advance promptly. I have everything decided, and while there is no such thing as a guarantee...there is a road to success that we can follow. It will be a little unethical, so to speak."
"Unethical...sheesh, Lili. What are you thinking of doing?" she asks as we resume our walk.
"Do you remember the connection between Orochimaru and Lord Hokage? They were student and teacher a very long time ago...the old man blames himself for what happened in many ways. We're going to exploit those feelings a little bit, since you yourself were directly affected by those events. It's not very nice, but I also have no interest in turning away opportunities that have come to us."
"I see...I was thinking that we would end up lying or something, but that sort of sounds better? I think?"
"A bit of leverage will be gained, very much needed if we want to make you a shinobi once more, and in service to this village especially. We will be honest. There is nothing for us to hide, after all. But we will employ some manipulation to get what we want."
"Yeah, makes sense." We reach the entrance to the village and I present my identification. The woman officer checks over Fio and we get the all-clear before stepping inside. "So, what are you thinking in terms of work? You know, since being a stay at home wife is out for now."
"I could petition him to have you join my team, if you would like," I say. Putting out the question is best, even if I know what the right answer is. I want Fio to work through it properly.
"Eh. I think that's too hard a pull on the leash, and as much as I would love it...I think if we want to talk about utility and the like, it would be way more effective for me to be on another team and not disrupt the synergy you guys have going. The only other thing to do would be to create our own team, which again, would be the best thing ever."
"And yet there's an unstated objection."
"There has to be. Team Eight is your family, I know that really well. There's no way that I would break that up, even if you gave me the chance to do it. So that's out too."
"Mm. That's as good a reason as any."
"Right. So I think the best option is to go through the normal stream, all that."
"It probably won't end up that way. We have the Bonus Program to consider, and from there your future path will be decided. It's built specifically for foreign children such as yourself."
"Yeah? Alright. I'll look forward to that, then."
"This way," I say to her. "We'll head straight to the office and tell the Hokage about you." We continue through the streets and towards the Academy complex.
"How much are we telling him?" Fio asks.
"Enough. You've run away from Orochimaru's hidden base, you were used as a subject in far too many experiments, and you have nowhere else to go right now."
"Only that much?"
"Perhaps. Not every single thing needs to be revealed at once. We can decide what needs to be left out, if anything, once we get to our discussion. But I suspect that we'll have an easier time being completely honest. Tsunade can help with your condition as well."
"Oh, yeah! I did have that whole thing with my weight and such," Fio says as she pats her stomach. "Still having a hard time with that. It'd be really cool if I could put on some more muscle...hmm. You think I should get like, buff buff or just model buff? Girl abs are pretty popular these days, you know."
"Aesthetics are always nice, but we should see how you grow before deciding on one direction or another."
"Yeah. But you want the six pack? Or the eight?"
I sigh and make a brushing motion towards her. "Listen, we have more important things to do than worrying about my kinks right now. Focus, silly girl."
"Hehe."
"We're here. Let's go and see the Hokage, and secure your place with me. I did make that promise to you, after all."
"Yep! Let's get it done!"
We make our entrance and Imari is at the front desk, working away. She raises her head and stands, meeting us with a polite bow. Today she's dressed formally in green and black, looking absolutely gorgeous. Something about the way her curves meet the fabric...
"Good day to you both. How might I help?" she asks.
"Good day to you. I would like to have a meeting with Lord Hokage, if possible."
"We can look into that. Your names, please." I remove my backpack and Imari puts it away in a safe place.
"Lilith Kobayashi," I say.
"Fionne Asagao," I hear from my companion.
"It's a lovely name."
"Was hoping you'd say something like that," Fio says with a smile. "It's a name built on a promise. You hear it a lot...that names carry strength within themselves."
"The Hokage should be free at this point in time," Imari says. "Welcome to our village, Miss Asagao. My name is Imari Hyuuga, a member of the Leaf's noble Hyuuga Clan. I am the junior special aide to Lord Sarutobi, the Third Hokage of the Hidden Leaf."
"Thank you. It's very lovely to meet you, Miss Hyuuga." Fio bows for Imari. "I've come to the village as Miss Kobayashi's guest. I hope to be staying a while."
"If it's not too bold of me, are you two an item?"
"Yes...we are." Fio takes my hand and I squeeze it back. Imari nods and gives us a smile.
"Understood. Please, follow me. It's a been a slow week, so far at least. Senpai is out running some errands, if you're wondering where she might be. She needed to...cool off."
I nod knowingly as we start our leisurely walk through the halls. "The old man gets a bit touchy sometimes, doesn't he..."
"An understatement. I can't say I endorse that sort of treatment, especially when it comes to senpai, but...even as she acts up, she's not averse to the sort of dynamic they have going on."
"So she lets him have his fun, as long as he doesn't go too far."
"Believe me, she lets him hear it. And feel it."
"Ooh."
"Sounds like a heck of a woman," Fio chimes in.
"She's everything you want a senior to be. I couldn't dream of doing this job without her by my side. Lili here did very well."
"A good draw helps, yes."
"Lili? She got you this job?" Fio asks Imari.
"Yes! Senpai was unemployed and homeless, and I was serving the Hyuuga as a housekeeper. Both of us were scouted for our talents and offered work here. It's been the honour of a lifetime, and we have your lovely partner to thank."
"Glad you're enjoying it here. Yeah, Lili does have an eye for quality."
"So light teasing is fine, then," I muse.
"Don't get any ideas, you. One lecher in this office is enough. Maybe when you get your turn with the hat, we can consider it," Imari says.
"Hmph. You're no fun."
"Fun doesn't fill out the paperwork. We've arrived at our destination, ladies." The three of us stop in front of the door and Imari knocks politely as she always does before opening it. "Lord Hokage, Captain Kobayashi and her guest are here to see you. The normal schedule is still intact at this time."
"Hm. Thank you, Imari."
"Of course, sir. If there are any changes, I will be at my post in the front lobby. Senpai will be returning soon."
"Yes, of course. Many thanks again, Imari."
"Thank you, Imari," I say.
"Thanks a bunch, Imari!" Fio follows.
"Of course. I'm happy to serve, ladies. Until the next." She smiles and strides away, back down the hallway. I watch her figure as she leaves.
"Not even in the village two hours and you're making me jealous," Fio quips.
"Mm. I think she's gotten sexier since the last time I saw her..."
"Ah...gotta be the skirt and heels. I think so, anyways. Makes her look more...powerful when she walks, if that makes any sense?"
"Yeah. Good eye, Fio."
"Let's hurry up and meet the Hokage before it gets dark out. You can ogle other girls later, okay?"
"Hm. Yeah." We enter and close the door behind us, making sure it's locked before moving forward. The old man is rubbing his cheek lightly as he yawns...there's the familiar smell of polished wood and tobacco smoke that greets my senses. It's good to be back.
"Ah, Lili. It's good to see you again. How was your trip? Please, both of you have a seat."
"It was a lovely thing," I say as I drop into one of the nearby chairs. "I feel much better now, to say the least of it. The experience healed me in many, many ways."
"Good, good. And you've brought back a friend from your journey, I see."
"Yes. My other half."
"Ah," he says with a smile. "Was this love at first sight, then? Unexpected for someone of your tastes, shall we say."
"Rather cheeky on your part, ossan."
He chuckles. "I have my moments."
"I was my stubborn self, so calling it a sudden romance...well, it's hardly the case. We've had quite a few romantic moments these past few months. Isn't that right, Fio?"
"Definitely." She tilts her head downwards to address the Hokage. "My name is Fionne Asagao. It's an honour to meet you, God of Shinobi."
"Not many people in this age refer to me as such," Hiruzen says, smiling. "Especially those of your generation. Where might you be from, my child?"
"Originally the Hidden Rock, my lord."
"Ah, I see. That explains some of it." He picks up his pipe and puffs on it a few times. "Is Lord Tsuchikage doing well in his age?"
"From what I've heard, it is the case. But...I have a confession on that end." She looks to me and I nod. "I have not...been part of the Hidden Rock Village for a while now, my lord. You see...I was kidnapped by a certain man. He was Orochimaru of the Three Shinobi."
"Mm...I see." The old man rubs his chin. "Orochimaru was a former student of mine. In many ways, I am responsible for the things that he did after defecting. Because I failed to stop him decisively on that day...I must apologize and beg your forgiveness, Fionne."
"If I might be so bold, my lord? There is no need for you to apologize to me. Lili has told me many things about this village, and I heard for myself that you eventually avenged all of our broken souls in the end by defeating Orochimaru with your own hand. None of this was your fault, and I bear no grudge towards you as a result."
"I see. But...are you well?"
"Quite well, as things are now," she says with a smile. "Lili has taken care of me in every way, and it's why I can sit here in front of you, speaking with this much confidence. I'm very blessed to have met her."
"How was it that you escaped?"
"The base in Grass Country was attacked and destroyed...it was during that chaos that I ended up escaping. That seems to be what's called providence, I think."
"Most definitely," Hiruzen says in agreement.
"All of that happening allowed me to meet Lili. Even as horrible as the experience in that place was...I can sleep peacefully now, and one day I think that I'll be truly content with myself. My life is starting to change for the better."
"I see. Well...I am truly glad that you are able to move forward after so much pain and suffering."
"Thank you for that, Lord Hokage."
"Fio has no place to go," I say to him. "She has taken to wandering the countryside, doing odd jobs here and there to raise funds for herself. As capable as she is, this is no life for a young girl."
"Hm..."
"I want her to stay with me, and at this juncture will petition you to make that a reality. Further than that, I want her to become a productive member of this village. Fio was abducted for her ability, and that ability is still intact to some degree. For that reason, I believe that she would make a fine shinobi of the Leaf. As far as the Hidden Rock is concerned, she died a long time ago."
"Your request is noted, Lili. Still...this is a complicated thing to take on, as I am sure you realize."
"We did discuss these things, Lord Hokage," Fio says. "Many...changes have occurred in the past while. I was declared to be killed in action a year after my abduction by Orochimaru, meaning that I as person have not existed for some time now. My body, as you see it now, is very far from the one that I had until two years ago. This hair, these eyes...they were not this way to begin with. I could easily start a new life, and remain unrecognizable to anyone who might have known me from my old village."
"What of your parents? They must be worrying at the moment."
"My parents...they have left the village altogether, Lord Hokage. More than that...more than that, they have accepted my death as reported by the authorities. So much so, that when I did visit them a few weeks ago, they...refused to accept that I was there in front of them."
"Something like that...I see. I am sorry that you had to experience such a thing, Fionne."
"Thank you. I have been able to endure thus far, my lord."
"Yes..." It becomes quiet as the old man puffs away on his pipe, thinking. Understandably, Fio is nervous. I am too, just a bit. We've played our cards with regards to the emotional connection he must feel, but he is still well within his rights to refuse our request. He could do a lot of things, thinking about it, not least among them have Fio quarantined and studied to get ahead of any potential issues. Would he do something so cruel? Not likely, but it's always possible.
"Something quite interesting...hm. Yes. I think that will work for the good of all..."
It sounds like he's coming around to it.
"We have other children from Orochimaru's various bases, some that will be in need of guidance as the days pass. I wanted to create a group for them, and your arrival has only solidified that idea. I believe that you would be a good leader for some of those children."
"Me, Lord Hokage?" Fio asks.
"You have proven your courage and resilience. And of course, anyone recommended by one of our most elite shinobi always deserves the most serious consideration," he says with a smile towards me.
"Ah...right. I would gladly lead in service of this village, my lord. That is, if you would have me."
"Then it is settled. I will have Tamaki and Imari register you properly in the coming days. Then an aptitude test will be administered to see where you stand and the resources you will need moving forward. Our advanced stream meant for foreign children will be available to you. And of course, medical assistance will be provided by our own Tsunade," Hiruzen says with a subtle nod.
"Thank you very much."
"Welcome to our family, Fionne. I hope that you grow to your full potential while with us, and that the scars of your past are thoroughly healed."
"Thank you again, Lord Hokage."
"Is there anything else you would like to discuss, ladies?"
"Lili?" Fio looks to me for confirmation.
"A few things. There were extensive modifications to Fio's body...some becoming more harmful than others in the end. She was hunted for her bloodline limit, a rare version of Boil Release," I say. "Her physical form was severely weakened for a spell as a result, and some devices that are now a part of her are what allow her to continue to exist as a normal girl."
"I see, I see. A bloodline limit like that is an extraordinary asset. And it only makes sense that Orochimaru would be after something like it...his pursuit of jutsu was endless, and extremely destructive. I will let Tsunade know about this before your physical checkup, so that she can prepare accordingly and provide treatments as required. In the meantime, both of you should head home and rest. I am sure that it has been a long while since you've been able to properly relax."
"We will do as you say, then. Thank you for having us, Lord Hokage."
"Of course. If anything else comes up, please do not hesitate to inform me. Lili and Fionne..."
"Um, Fio's okay. I mean, if you're okay with that, Lord Hokage."
He chuckles lightly. "Fio it is, then. Lili and Fio. Both of you, take care. We will meet again soon."
"Thank you, Lord Hokage," we say in unison. We both get up, bow towards him, and leave the room together, closing the door behind us.
"..."
"..."
I watch Fio put a hand to her head, swaying dramatically. "Ohmygodohmygodohmygod-"
"We pulled it off!" I squeal.
"We did it! Aaaaaaah!"
We hug each other and jump around, giggling happily together.
"I'm home, I'm home!"
"You're home!"
"We made it! I get to live with Lili!"
"I'm so happy to have you, Fio!"
"Um...we should..."
"Yes. This...really isn't the place."
We separate and smooth out our clothing, then properly regain our composure before walking down the hall. Imari hands me my backpack at the front desk and waves to us as we leave.
"I know a little place," I say to Fio as we leave the complex. "Shall we celebrate our new life together in the Leaf?"
"Sure! Which place is this?"
"I told you about Ichiraku Ramen, yes?"
"You did! Can't wait to have a bite, then. Lili?"
"Yes, my love?"
"I'll never be able to say it enough. Thank you for everything that you've done for me."
"You're welcome, Fio. As I live and breathe, I will do anything to make you happy."
I take her hand in mine, and we start our walk through the Hidden Leaf once more. The sun is a bright circle in the mid-morning sky.
It's the start of a brilliant new day.


Chapter 103
Scarlet Justice - ep. 103"Naturals"
The week goes by at a comfortable pace. We are already touching upon the second month of this brave new year.
Everyone is busy around this time it seems, especially Hina who I haven't seen much of. Nami phones me every so often to say that there are frequent meetings and strange sorts of affairs at the Hyuuga estate, ones that she cannot make sense of. However, both Hina and Hanabi are none the worse for wear as a result. That sounds good enough for now, I suppose.
Fio is registered and tested for general ability. Even in her sub-optimal state, she immediately earns her wings as a chuunin, and is going to lead a small team of her own soon. Before that, she will be warming up with missions here and there. I have to wonder what sorts of characters will come under her command...but with her personality, she fits well with most anyone. I don't believe I have anything to worry about at all. She's also very helpful around the home, cleaning whenever she sees the need to and saving me a bit of work. A lot of time is spent curled up into a cute, fuzzy ball on the couch, sleeping to conserve energy.
She really is much too adorable to handle sometimes. I couldn't be happier with how things have turned out.
"Lili! Phone for you!"
"A moment, love." I step out of the shower on this lazy afternoon and wrap myself in a towel. "Who is it, by the by?"
"It's your sensei!"
"Hm...interesting. I wonder what Kurenai needs of me." I put up my hair, step into a pair of slippers, and exit the bathroom, taking the phone from Fio gently. She yawns and curls up on the couch so that she can nap again, nibbling on some of her hair. "A lovely afternoon to you, sensei. How are you today?"
"Just peachy. Been a while, yeah?" Kurenai says from the other end.
"It has been. Things are okay over here."
"Was that the new friend I've been hearing about?"
"Yes, that was my Fio. She's gone back to sleep for now, but we will have a round of introductions as soon as our schedules properly clear," I say as I pet her head. "I've just been reactivated, and I want to take care of a few things while I still can."
"Yeah, for sure. I can leave you to that. I'm a bit busy myself right now with some of these rotations, just wanted to check in and see how you were doing."
"Thank you for that. I'm starting to get back to my old self, don't you worry."
"Means I have more bullying to look forward to, huh."
I smile. "Exactly. Very exciting, no?"
"You would say something like that. Hey...I'm looking forward to it, Lili. Things aren't the same without you poking at me."
"I know. I've missed you as well, Kurenai. We'll talk soon. And get back into our little gym routine. Fio will probably tag along, too. She can't wait to get back into fighting shape."
"Sounds like a party. See you in a bit, Lili."
"Until the next." I press the button to hang up and sigh. "It truly has been long enough. Team Eight needs to come together soon, like we used to. I have a feeling the future will depend on it."
"...but that's how things are so far. So you didn't miss a whole lot."
"I see."
Today is as good a day as any to get myself reoriented with the village's workings. Ino happened to be free, so instead of a quick meeting, we've settled on tea and finger foods in the mid-town area. Things are continuing on the assumed trajectories from months earlier. Sasuke is still recovering, Sakura is settling into her 'new' self, and Naruto has been training a lot more with Jiraiya. Or simply training, it seems. Jiraiya is always out and about for some reason - I suspect that it's because of the Akatsuki threat. They are after the hosts of the tailed beasts as Itachi said, so extra vigilance is hardly something that I will complain about. Other than that, Ino says that it's largely been a normal, calm, and predictable start to the new year. Recruitment in the shinobi forces is up, we have a few more non-commissioned officers rising through the ranks, and of course there is that search for the Fifth Hokage that may never start in earnest. I have a feeling the old man will step down and throw his support behind me at some point. I won't be able to stop it, either. That sort of job...
"What about you, Lili?"
"Hm? Oh, just the new developments you've heard of...the incident with my father for one, and Fio's arrival in the village for another."
"I know you're not, like, shallow or anything...but she was not what I was expecting. Can't wait to meet her myself and see what pulled you in so quick." Ino grins. "I guess you have the central piece of your harem, then?"
"I wonder about that."
"Don't play coy with me, woman."
"Listen, I'm not." I take a sip of tea. "This...wasn't even planned. You know that she was the one who kept coming after me?"
"Was she? That sounds spicy."
"Quite stubborn, that one. Insisting that I'm not a terrible person, or that I don't have ulterior motives, all of that."
"So she saw right through you."
"..." I make a face. "I would rather you not put it like that."
"You would, yeah." She gives me a smug smile while sipping her tea, and I sigh. "Finding love is a good thing, Lili. You're happy, aren't you?"
"That much is an understatement. She fills me with joy. So much so that I can forget the tragedy that consumed me just a short while ago. I feel at peace when I'm with her."
"I am super jealous."
"You shouldn't be. You're a vibrant young woman yourself, Ino. If I can do it, then so can you."
"You'd think so, right? But...life has its quirks. I could end up alone, a tragic waste of beauty left to wander the barren earth until her dying day."
"Come off it," I say while rolling my eyes.
"It's happened! In fact, it's happening right now! Do you know anything about the Fifth Mizukage?"
"Mei Terumi. Yes, I've heard of her. I've been compared to her at some points as well."
"Yeah. So...she's getting to that age, you know? But it's an open secret that she couldn't get her hands on a good man if her life depended on it. Can you imagine? A leader of the free world and one of the strongest, most beautiful women on the entire planet...and she's single. Not 'cause she wants to be, either..."
"Unlike our Tsunade, who simply refuses to court a man."
"Right. So you see, it's possible that I'm in danger here."
"Again, come off it. You're not even sixteen. Go ahead and panic at that point, you silly bitch."
She chuckles and picks up a slice of cucumber. "It's really good to have you back, Lili."
"There you are. I was hoping that those directions were correct..."
I look back over my shoulder to see a familiar face. Long, straight brown hair and brown eyes. The standard chuunin uniform, clean and neat as usual. Futaba Azuma. What might she want with me?
"Got business with us, hon?" Ino asks her.
"Yes. Please pardon my interruption..."
"It's fine. Pull up a chair and help yourself to the snacks we have here. You like rice balls? Those are good."
"Thank you. I'm not hungry at the moment, but thank you."
"Well, just have a seat either way. We don't want Lili to get a kink in her neck looking up at you."
"Thank you." Futaba seats herself while I sip at my tea. Ino has a subtly amused look on her face, but says nothing and lets the silence drag on.
"So. What business did you have with me, Miss Azuma?" I ask.
"I wanted to ask...about your teammate."
"Which one? I have three of them, you know."
"I know. Just...sorry."
"It's perfectly fine. Which of my teammates did you want to know about?"
She takes a breath in and out before answering. "Shino Aburame."
"Ooh..."
I give Ino a look to silently hush her. But this is quite the development. "Shino. Whatever for, my dear?"
"I...I have a strange hobby. For a girl, I mean. And I thought that he might be able to help me out with it. I also figured that as his teammate...you know, it would be safer for us to arrange a meeting of some kind. Things like that." She rubs her shoulder nervously.
"You collect insects," I conclude.
"Yeah. I only have a very small collection right now, but...I've always been interested in them. My parents don't really know, they assume that the interest in bugs got left behind as I grew. I took to collecting books, and if anyone asked, I just said it was research for missions and related stuff."
"So you...wish to consult with Shino? Is that it?"
"S-something like that. Getting in contact with him, at the very least. So that we could talk properly. I...don't have it in me to approach him on his own, so suddenly. His personality...it's..."
"Difficult. He can be a pain in the ass sometimes, inaccessible. You have to spend a bit of time with him to figure him out."
"That's the truth," Ino chimes in. "Really good guy once you get past that weirdo barrier, though. Gotta be easier for boys. He's friends with Kiba, and...well, you know how Kiba gets."
"Did you want to pass me your information so that you could get in touch?" I ask. "I can inform him later this week of your desire to meet in the future."
"That...I would like that a lot. Thank you, Captain Kobayashi." She places her hands in her lap. The beginnings of a blush creep onto her cheeks.
"Very much fine. Here, I've taken to carrying these cards for such situations."
Futaba nods and takes the card from me along with a pen, then writes down her contact information. I take the card from her and put it into one of my pockets along with the pen.
"As said, I will have an answer for you before the week closes. Was there anything else, my dear?"
"Nothing. Thank you for hearing me out, and sorry again for interrupting your meeting."
"No trouble at all. Do take care, Futaba."
"I will. Take care, Captain." She stands up and bows before leaving. As soon as she's out of range, Ino hits the table with her hand and stares at me, mouth agape.
I can't help but be shocked myself. What...was that? It couldn't be what I think it is.
"Oh my god what the actual-"
"Never in a million years would I have considered it," I say with amusement. "Bloody fucking hell."
"The tea was about to evaporate right out of my cup. Oh my god, the absolute thirst."
"It might just be the hobby after all...oh, who am I kidding. She was bursting at the seams just now."
"Right?! I'm losing it, Lili. I can't believe that just happened. And I bet she thinks we're oblivious, too. I'm not gonna say a goddamn thing, but..."
"Yes, agreed. Not even to Shino. This has to play out on its own. Although...I am going to keep an eye out for my friend. She seemed like she turned over a new leaf when it came to Yuno, but I don't want Shino going through even a fraction of that. She's good as dead if she fucks with him."
"That's the way you gotta do it," Ino says with a nod. "But I think she'll behave. Took some courage coming up to you and asking that, honestly."
I fold my arms as she refills her teacup. "It did, yes. And as disgusting as she was that time...I don't think she's a bigot at her core. It was something learned, and she expressed a desire to unlearn it."
"Talk about irony, though. Straight laced turbo bitch thirsting after local bug boy."
"The heavens do have a sense of humour."
"Gotta love it."
I pop a spring roll into my mouth and chew. We really do live in interesting times, don't we...
"That should take care of it."
I wipe my hands after delivering the last of the lumber to its destination.
"Thank you very much, Madam Shinobi," the woman in cover-alls says as she approaches. "That should keep us until further notice. Though I didn't think we'd get an elite like you lifting and carrying."
"Equal parts boredom and benevolence, if you wanted an answer. Getting out to see the village like this never gets tiresome."
"Heh. You really love this place, don't you?"
"Very much, yes."
"Well, have yourself a cool drink here, and I'll send the pay over like you asked." I gently take the glass bottle from her and sip once. Ah, refreshing. It's been a while since I had some lemonade. "Probably won't need to hire anyone in the next few weeks, which will help my bottom line plenty."
"Good luck to you," I say with a bow. "And if you do need anything else, call for me directly."
"I might just do that, heh. See you around, Missy."
I give her a wave before leaving the construction site. Always good to give people a bit of help when they need it. A D-Rank mission or two might not meaningfully add to my resume, but they don't need to at this point.
As soon as I get home, Fio lifts her head from the couch and meets me at the front door. I hand her the bottle and she sips from it as I take off my sandals.
"Tasty!"
"It's the good stuff. If you like it that much, we can buy some for home. Have the rest of it, love."
"Really? I thought lemonade was easy to make at home," she says before drinking.
"Oh, it is. But there's a certain something about this particular brand. Plus, it's made here in the village. I know where the shop is."
"Always good to support your local businesses!"
"Exactly."
"How was work today? Nothing too difficult, yeah?"
"Nothing difficult at all. Just taking care of things within the village. Eventually I'll pick up something that's a little more involved."
"Taking your time is for the best."
"Yes. Are you hungry, Fio?"
"A little bit. It's weird...I don't feel super full, but it's not near as bad as it was before. Tsunade said those pills will help for a little while. She's working on making an actual solution outta some plants that are way out in the forest, usually."
"Hm. I might have to talk to her about that. But you're doing better now, Fio. That's all I care about." I step into the kitchen and take out the rice cooker. Dinner can be something simple again tonight. "Have you been drinking my supplements in the meantime?"
"Yep."
"Good. Simple things like that will help you along." The phone starts to ring. "Sweetheart, would you get that for me?"
"Sure can!" Fio bounds off while I get the rice grains and measure them out. Then it's a simple matter of rinsing in the sink before placing the rice inside.
"Yeah...yeah, she's in the kitchen. Starting on dinner. Yeah...you're sure? Okay. I'll tell her. Yeah, you too! Thanks! Bye-bye~!"
"Who was that, love?" I ask as I switch the cooker on.
"Kurenai-sensei again. She said that she wanted to have an impromptu meeting if possible."
"Over dinner, I assume."
"Yep."
"Well, fortunately this cooker here is one of the models that can manage itself. After the rice is finished, it will keep itself warm afterwards. We are able to move freely between now and then."
"We?"
"Yes. It's time to introduce you properly to my comrades, Fio. Is that okay?"
"Um..." She closes her eyes. "It's not any trouble, is it?"
"Certainly not. Did Kurenai say anything about the urgency of the meeting?"
"Nope. In fact, she said not to worry about it at all."
"Then it's settled." I wash my hands in the sink. "Throw on whatever you like. I'll take a quick shower and get myself into something more presentable."
"Okay, got it."
I take a half-hour to get myself ready, simply to be safe. Today's ensemble will feature a plain black sundress and heels for the evening. I add in the ring of pearls that I bought in Tanzaku Quarter a few months ago, and finally slip on my armband to signify that I'm out on business. An extra touching up of my hair, and I should be ready for anything.
"Are we all set, Fio?"
"Should be. Wasn't too sure what to wear...so I kind of winged it. Hope you don't mind."
I step out of my room to look at her. She hasn't rummaged too far through my closet and picked simple items, a pastel pink blouse and dark pants that stop at her ankles. Her hair is set into tails again, so I suppose that she's become comfortable with that style most of all. "A little conservative for you, but altogether fine."
"You're sure?"
"I'm sure, darling. I know that you'll find your style in time. You did spend quite a while wearing nothing but rags, and a time before that with a plain enough family."
"I guess." She puts her hands behind her head. "You don't think I need to be more...girly?"
"You're girly enough." I kiss her on the cheek. "As I've said before, don't worry. The only person who gets to decide how much of a woman you are is you. Don't forget that."
"I'll try. Thanks, Lili."
"Of course, my love. So, are we finally ready?"
"Yep! Let's hit the town!"
I smile and lead us out, securing the premises before heading down the stairs and into the village proper. It's certainly been a while since I've been able to so casually stroll down these streets. Passers-by give us enough attention, directed mostly towards me, of course. It's more than enough to fuel any latent egocentrism inside of my head. Definitely Emi's influence...but I have to admit, I do love the thrill of it. Fio gave out the name of the place chosen earlier, and I can recall where it is...it's fine enough, but I think we can relocate to somewhere that's a bit more upscale for dinner.
"Here we are. Early, as always," I say to Fio. "One of the things that Mama is very consistent about."
"Emi sounds like a trip, around the world and back."
"To say the least of it. There...are some things I will have to clear up before we have you two meet, as a warning."
"That's fine enough, I think."
If I had a collar, I would be pulling on it quite hard by now. Forget telling her that I have a girlfriend now...she doesn't even know I'm a lesbian yet. Between having to put down my father and her almost being killed, there understandably hasn't been much of an opening to make that announcement. And I couldn't dream of telling her over the phone or by postcard...it's not something that I could handle. That woman deserves more from me. But I will tell her within the year, this I know for sure.
"Looks like spring's come a bit early this year. Not that I'm complaining any."
Kurenai, Hina, and Shino arrive together. Save for our gentleman friend, everyone is dressed fairly casually.
"We are changing venues. You haven't put in a reservation for us already, have you?" I ask her.
"Seriously? You're just embarrassed that you got dressed up for nothing."
"Do be quiet."
"Yeah, I'm right." She sighs. "Lead on, Princess."
"I shall," I say firmly, turning on my heel. "The venue is thankfully not far from here. Come." We head forward another block to the place I had in mind, slightly more upscale but welcoming to customers of all stripes. The host that greets us is polite and responsive. I show him the black card that comes from my thigh holster, and he nods before taking us to a quiet corner booth. The seats are coloured a crisp blue, blending nicely with the white and gold interior. Even the drink glasses have stripes of gold running across them. A quaint little place.
"Ah, lovely. Everything you could want is in this place, so don't hold back when ordering," I instruct as everyone sits down.
"It's been way too long. I should have remembered that you liked to go big, even for little dinner dates like this," Kurenai says.
"I hope I haven't been too much of a bother," I say to her. "I know that you have your pride, too."
She waves me off. "Nothing to worry about, hon. Just know that I'll be ordering quite a bit of alcohol on your dime."
"By all means. You do seem just a bit stressed."
"Just a bit. Anyways...we're all here. And with a new guest, to boot."
"I'm sure you've heard already, but this will be a good formal introduction." I nod to Fio and she nods back.
"It's really nice to meet everyone for the first time! My name's Fionne Asagao, and I'm Lili's gal pal! You can call me Fio! We met just outside of Leaf one day and really hit it off...before this, I was stuck as one of Orochimaru's experiments. He kidnapped me from the Hidden Rock...that's the short version, pretty much. But yeah, I'm happy to be here, and to meet all of you. Lili's told me so many wonderful things, and I hope that I can connect with you all like she has."
"We're really glad to have you," Kurenai says. "As you've heard on the phone, my name's Kurenai Yuuhi, jounin and instructor for Team Eight here. I pretty much just split duties with Lili now since we're the same rank and everything."
"She sells herself short sometimes," I say. "This woman is the most delightful partner."
"I appreciate you, but you lay it on thick sometimes."
"You see? Adorable."
"Sheesh. Listen, I'm around if you need anything. Since you're attached to our Lili, you're a part of us too. Remember that."
"Yes'm. Definitely," Fio says with a smile.
"Good!"
"It's a pleasure meeting you, Fio," Hina says. "My name is Hinata Hyuuga, a chuunin and member of the Leaf's noble Hyuuga Clan. My younger sister Hanabi is the clan heiress, you'll see her around the more you interact with us. Lili and I are sisters, and have been for a while. She's my best friend in the world, really. So hearing about you, and how happy you make her...well, it goes without saying that you have my support in whatever you choose to do. I hope you enjoy life in the village, and just as sensei pledged, I will devote my time to helping you in any way that I can."
"Thanks so much! You're just as awesome as Lili told me you were."
"Is...that so..." Hina smiles and blushes. "She really is too much. But I hope that I can continue meeting those expectations, Fio."
"A year or two ago, you would have never heard that kind of speech coming from her lips," I say. "Hina has grown considerably, and is a strong woman in her own right. Feel free to rely on her if I'm not available."
"Again, I wouldn't put it like that...but yes. I will be here for you as much as I can."
"Hmm...well, considering the season, I might call on you soon enough. Thanks, Hinata," Fio says with a smile.
"And of course our last member needs to be poked a little to get going," I say. "Your turn, Shino."
"Got it, Boss." He adjusts his glasses. "My name is Shino Aburame, the next in line to lead the Aburame Clan and chuunin of the Hidden Leaf. I serve as the Boss' right hand and use my skills to act as her eyes and ears within the village. If there is any information that you need right away, I will do my best to assist you."
Fio nods slowly. "Whoa."
"He's a bit on the chunni side-"
"The pot said to the kettle..."
"Hush," I say to Kurenai. "His active imagination has led to great results, and he is an invaluable member of our team. Strange in some ways, yes, but a friend that you can rely on."
"I'll certainly prioritize your well-being above other things," Shino says. "After all, you are important to the Boss, so you're important to all of us. As said before...my concise way of communication may cause a bit of friction. I apologize in advance for that."
"Hey, no worries! Everyone has their own quirks, you know? I like you already, Shino. Good to meet you!"
"Yes." He nods and I can make out a smile from the way his face moves beneath that collar. "Thank you, Miss Asagao."
"Fio's totally cool, you know."
"It'll take him a while to get used to that. You know, if he doesn't make up some weird name for you later," Kurenai says.
"Yeah? I wouldn't mind one of those."
"Another one of you? Should have seen it coming..."
"The time will come, Kurenai," I say to her. "I will provide the village with details about your legend-"
"For the love of god, do not."
"It will be swift and sudden."
"Great. Now I'll have to drink myself into a coma. You're actually the worst."
"And she's proud of it," the rest of us say in unison.
"Oi..."
"I want to see how everyone is doing today," I say. "Well, after we order our drinks."
Kurenai snorts and makes sure to order the most expensive wine they have, just to try and spite me. I make sure she orders a few bottles, since each of them comes with those fascinating gifts like limited edition glasses, cutlery, even watches. The rest of us order our various non-alcoholic beverages.
"Let's start with our beloved sensei."
"Ah, we're starting with the sarcasm early." Kurenai sips at her wine.
"Goodness, no. I really do love you to bits," I say.
"Hmph. Well...I've been pretty miserable the past while because of work. Paperwork, to be specific. Missions here and there, extra training...stuff like that just crammed in. Don't get me wrong, it's far from the worst thing in the world, and maybe I shouldn't complain too much considering where I stand. But...it just takes a lot out of you after a while, you know?"
"That much is understandable," Shino says. "The current era has been stressful for those elites who maintain the balance of our world. We all appreciate your hard work, sensei." Hina and I nod in agreement.
"I appreciate hearing that. Really. You're the best group of kids I could ask for. So I'll put in the work, and watch out for you for as long as I possibly can."
"We're going to be together for a long time," Hina says with a smile. "So we can help each other along the road of life."
"I'm very much looking forward to that," I say. "Shino, what of you?"
"Well." He clears his throat. "I have managed to expand my information network substantially within the past three weeks. I have also bred a new series of insects that carry the same hardening properties as the previous colonies, adding a significant level of fire resistance in the process. This means that while fire type attacks are still hazardous in large volumes, I will not be immediately taken out of battle by the rapid depletion of insects. Further research will of course be conducted to improve said resistance. Aside from that...not much of consequence has taken place, as far as I am concerned."
"Oh, very nice. As expected of my right hand. Well done, Shino."
"Thank you, Boss."
"As for things of consequence, well...that will change soon enough. I have a message for you, from an acquaintance of mine. Do you remember my mention of Futaba Azuma?"
"The young woman with a complex towards lesbians and non-binary persons? Yes."
"Very good. She expressed a desire to speak with you, regarding a certain hobby of hers. It's the collection and study of insects."
"Oh?" Shino's brow goes up, at an angle higher than I've seen before. Which to most people wouldn't be much, but I'm not most people.
"She was a bit hesitant on approaching you on her own, due to your...mm. Idiosyncrasies, so to speak."
"I see."
"Using myself as a medium, I have delivered her message. So, would you be open to meeting with her for those purposes? I have her contact information here, and I did promise an answer before the next week was upon us."
"This sounds like a set-up for a date, Boss."
I frown. "Shino. You know much better than that, love."
"Yes, Shino. I don't think Lili would set you up with Futaba of all people...I myself can think of much better candidates for your affections," Hina says. "It sounds like her desire to meet with you is honest enough, and strictly related to insect studies. Perhaps you should give her a try."
"I think so too," Kurenai says. "Not to mention that both Hinata and Lili would murder the bitch if she did anything to upset you."
"That much is correct. But there is no pressure here," I say to Shino.
"I see. It sounds harmless enough. Tell her that we can meet up at some point this week. She can come over to the house."
"Uh, Shino? Suggestion," Fio says delicately. "Inviting a girl to your house right away like that...not a good first move."
"How come?"
"It...would take a while to explain. I'm just saying, as a word of advice, have your first meeting in a neutral spot. You know, to keep everything even and junk. You don't want to startle the poor thing, you know?"
"Hm." I hand him a card with a copy of Futaba's information, and he nods while taking it. "That makes sense, somewhat."
"You can give her a call from tomorrow onwards," I explain. "I want to give her a proper heads up before you do so, so I will contact her tonight. Futaba is a nervous thing these days, and she wants to make a good impression with you."
"Understood."
"Good." That went...well enough. It might be good that Shino is so oblivious sometimes. "And last, but far from least. Hina, have you been well?"
"Yes, definitely. Brother Neji has been making sure to train me properly. And...I've become a bit closer with Naruto. Perhaps in a few months, we can start dating properly."
"Ambitious, aren't we? Very nice. We're all in your corner, since the two of you are terribly cute together," I say with a smile.
"Thank you, Lili."
"As for me...I feel much stronger than I was the last time we came together. I've been reunited with a precious companion, and started to overcome those nightmares day by day. Things feel...normal for the first time in a long time. I really will be better than okay soon enough. Thank you, all of you, for accepting me and helping me to heal. I love all of you so much."
"We love you too, Lili. You've been a light to each of us. Without you, we wouldn't be where we are right now," Hina says.
"She's right, Boss."
"What they said. Even this old gal has been able to fly a bit higher recently."
"Is that what Asuma tells you?" I ask.
"As aloof as he can be at times, he's got a good eye when it comes to these things. He's not the only one saying it either, which helps a bit," she replies with a smug smile.
"I'm glad that I could pass my blessings on to all of you. It makes everything worth doing."
"Just make sure you cap it all off right, yeah?"
"What do you...oh for fuck's sake, would you stop with that nonsense?" I grumble.
"Eh? What's got Lili all grumpy?" Fio asks.
"It's about that position...you know, the one with the big pointed hat," Hina explains.
"You mean Hokage?"
"Don't say it, idiot..."
"Ah? What's wrong with that? Being Hokage sounds super cool! Imagine, people you pass by every day and smiling at you like, 'hey, Lady Hokage!'"
I groan and put my head on the table.
"She doesn't think she's worthy," I hear Shino say.
"Eh? Eh? Not worthy? What? Lili! We're gonna have to have a talk about this when we get home!"
"Wine...give me wine..."
"No booze for you, Lady Hokage. Suffer as you are," Kurenai says.
"You bitch...I'll kill you for this...ugh." Unfortunately, even the bullies get bullied once in a while. I suppose this is one of those days. Annoying.
Fio rubs my head, and I can't help but smile wryly. I really do love these people, don't I...


Chapter 104
Scarlet Justice - ep. 104"Devotions"[Earth Country Collections: Prologue]
"Yes, of course. Nami, you should be a bit more patient if you're going to introduce concepts like this to the largely uneducated masses. Not everyone can appreciate the subtleties of Brutalist architecture."
Today is another simple day in the Leaf. I'm currently at home with Fio, who has come back from a mission a few hours ago and wanted to rest. Her head is in my lap as she sleeps, and I talk with Nami over the phone. It seems like she wanted to add in some fresh elements to the ladies' group, but has been having some trouble thus far. The decision on a name is still a work in progress, but there is no reason to rush such things.
"You said you checked the library and found it lacking, yes? Ane-ue has access to such material...yes, I could inquire about it on your behalf, if you would like. Perfect. How long would you be willing to wait?" A short tone rings out. "Hm. Someone is on the other line. Nami, could you hold a moment? Thank you kindly."
Fio yawns and moves her head slightly. I pat it gently as she settles in, switching to the other line to see who wants my attention now.
"Lili Kobayashi speaking."
"Lili. I hope I'm not interrupting anything important," Erika says.
"Not at all, love. I just have Nami on the other line, we were having a discussion about social issues. What might I do for you today?"
"There's a certain mission available that I am quite interested in taking on. I have recruited Ino already, and wanted a reliable third to complete our group."
"You've got Ino on board for this? I see. It sounds quite intriguing, to say the least."
"The mission will require three phases. Reconnaissance, combat, and infiltration. Our objective is to retrieve one set of documents and a valuable item without raising the alarm for nearby forces in the Hidden Rock."
"Interesting. Well, you didn't have to say much to get my attention...but now I'm excited. Count me in, Erika."
"Thank you. Once I have us confirmed, we are set to leave in two days. It will be in the morning, eight hundred hours. I will inform Ino of this as well. Please be sure to rest before then."
"Of course. Was there anything else?"
"Nothing else for now. We will talk again soon. Have a good afternoon, Lili."
"Thank you. The same to you, Erika. Do take care."
"I will."
She hangs up, and I switch back to Nami. "Nami, love. Yes, I'm here. That was Erika just now, she was asking if I wanted to come along on a mission. Her and Ino. A long one, to the Hidden Rock...it shouldn't be too much trouble. As always, I will let you know of anything relevant if it does come up. Now, to what we were speaking of earlier...yes, the study of aesthetic is something that not everyone will grasp right away. Especially when it comes to man-made structures. Everyone has their own opinions, you know. And if we're being honest, for such a flowery set of people like the Hyuuga, appreciation of that sort of raw, concrete style would have been beaten out of them from earlier in their youth. They would be tuned towards the Classical style, for example. You really are a strange one, even by their standards."
The volume of trading has remained steady this season, and so there are missions available to escort merchants and the like. Team Eight has grabbed one such mission and completed it within seven hours a day ago, leaving ample time for me to rest before gearing up again.
Currently it is seven in the morning on mission day. I've finished my shower and have started on breakfast while Fio sleeps. Luna's room is more than fine, but she seems to sleep better by my side. I don't mind it at all. Possibly scandalous if anyone found out, or maybe not. I probably will have to come out to the village at some point, won't I. That day is hopefully far enough away that I can deal with any dissent before it explodes into something truly annoying.
Breakfast is good and solid, with rice, eggs, and assorted meats to serve as proper fuel. I down two glasses of milk and clean up, then focus on making myself look presentable. The usual combination will work for this outing, with my favourite sweater and shorts paired together. Hair should be fine as is, and I run a comb through it a few times to get the look I desire. My armband goes on, I check my tools twice, and zip my sweater up halfway while looking in the mirror. I should be ready.
"Good. We can head off." The time is a quarter to eight, which is just perfect. I grab my small backpack and click the straps in. Fio, heavy enough sleeper that she is at times, hasn't moved since I came in. I smile and lean down to kiss her on the forehead. Fortunately, we did have a chat about what was going on, and I don't mind leaving her like this.
"Mm..."
"Enjoy your dreams, my love. I'll be back soon." I pull the sheets over her and pat her head before leaving. Everything should be secure, and Fio has her own keys so...
"Here we go, then."
I lock up and set across the rooftops on this cool morning. The sun weaves behind the clouds and gives us the occasional ray of light.
"Hey, Lili."
"Good morning, Ino. You're here early."
"Nerves, probably." She has on a light jacket and warmer for her neck, both coloured mauve for today's excursion. Her hands are bandaged as well, which is unusual.
"I see. What happened to your hands?"
"Oh, that. Been working on close range fighting, you know...general taijutsu stuff. Want to be able to defend myself decently in case the worst happens. Choji isn't the fastest and Shikamaru might be occupied. Being a maiden is nice sometimes, but you want to be prepared."
"Good for you."
"Thanks. There are also some other fields I want to get into...medicine for one."
"Hm. You've seen what Sakura is going through, yes?"
"Yeah. She's gotten really good in a short while. I figure I can take a bit longer since, you know, I'm not into the whole borderline torture thing that Lady Tsunade has her on. A couple years will be good enough."
"Have you talked to her yet?"
"Not yet. Was gonna ask later this spring."
"I'll put in a word for you. She should be open to accepting another student, just as long as you're ready."
"Awesome, I appreciate that. I think I'm ready to become a real elite, like I said I would be. Remember, I've got a lot to pay you back for. Whether you want it or not."
"I suppose that's fine."
"A pleasant morning to you, ladies." Erika curtsies for us as she arrives. If I recall correctly, this was the outfit I saw her in when we first met at the Chuunin Exams, the skirt with the many zippers on it and a jagged edge along the hem. Of course, she has arm sleeves and leggings on today, on account of the cooler weather. "It is currently eight o'clock. Are we ready to depart?"
"We should be. Ino?" I ask.
"Ready over here," she says as she secures her satchel.
"We will discuss the mission specifics at our first resting point. Suffice it to say, there is more than one reason why I called for both of you to assist me. I will be taking point. Lili, I would like you to be my second. And as for Ino, we will ensure her safety at all times."
"It's been a long time since I've been treated like a pretty princess," she says with a smile. "Looks like nothing will hurt me on this trip."
"But you will be vigilant, of course."
"Naturally. You tapped me for this job because I'm so sharp, right?"
"Correct. So, are there any objections to this arrangement?"
"None," I say.
"Nothing," Ino replies.
"Very good. Then we will depart. Single line formation at all times, please."
"Yes ma'am," we say in unison.
With that, we make our way out of the village. Past the front gates, through the forest...and towards our destination. A mostly barren land of rock and stone, known better as Earth Country.
We end up in the northwestern section of Fire Country, not too far from the border with Grass Country, along with its rivers and ravines. Bridges like the old and defunct Kannabi Bridge span these gaps and allow people and merchants to cross safely, for the most part. Regular patrols by the Hidden Grass mean that bandits and other unsavoury types don't camp out near the entrances and exits as often as they did decades ago.
Ino does the work of setting traps and scouting the immediate area, while Erika does a perimeter walk and gathers extra wood for our fire. I do the cooking for everyone tonight, settling on some stir-fry with toasted flatbread. Tea is prepared over the flames, and the three of us have ourselves a meal.
"Yeah, so he got all upset with me and I just said, 'well, you could never, bitch' and walked out on him. It was not happening."
"That's it. You don't give them that edge," I say to Ino. "They'll take you for all you're worth."
"Right? And then he threatened to report me to the local business association and blah blah blah, he would not shut up! Ugh! But it's over and done with by now, nothing came out of his whining and we're all fine at the shop. He'll think twice about stepping inside again. Could you imagine? Me! Selling fake product! That's not something to play with, let me tell you."
"Thank you for making dinner, Lili. It was delicious," Erika says.
"You're very welcome."
"Yeah, really tasty. Should be good for my waistline, too," Ino says with a laugh. "Thanks so much, Lili."
"Of course. We'll have ourselves a proper dinner date in the future. I find myself enjoying this cooking thing a lot these days. So, Erika. Did you want to disclose the mission details while we were here?" I ask her.
"Yes, I believe it would be prudent to do so now. If you could do a final area check for me, I would appreciate it before we began."
"Certainly. A moment, then." I close my eyes and focus, reaching out into the atmosphere with my sense as my tongue flicks at the air. Aside from the usual fauna inhabiting the forest, there are no large or unusual chakra signatures in our vicinity. I stretch the range of my technique just to be sure and still nothing comes up. We should be secure. "All done. Nothing to report."
"Good. Then I will explain to you what our primary and secondary objectives are for this mission."
I gather our makeshift plates and utensils to toss into the fire as Erika speaks.
"This primary section is a mission that has come directly from the Hokage, and he gave me the ability to choose personnel at my own discretion. The document mentioned in our conversations is in the form of a scroll, a certain treaty that would give the Hidden Leaf and subsequently Fire Country access to a certain piece of land and the rights to a border crossing through Grass Country. Plans have been implemented to build the first part of said crossing from the Fire Country side, and the completed scheme will in essence create a sort of expressway between the two nations, connecting three countries at once as part of the process."
"I'm guessing that the Hidden Rock doesn't want that," Ino says.
"Certainly not. The abundance of products in Fire Country and coming from the Hidden Leaf would mean that the stranglehold they have on manufacturing and the like would be broken. Traders would be happy, the village however would not be at all. They worry about the obvious things, like national security, and the more subtle things, like foreign influence and diplomatic relations."
"The old man wants to weaken the barriers between the great nations, it seems. Very much like him, using his favoured velvet glove to get ahead," I say.
"Resources such as Sawano Point, which Lili acquired in an earlier mission, will help greatly if negotiations need to be made with the Hidden Rock. Of course, said resources can be diverted instead to secure the cooperation of other minor powers. Miss Kurogane has been working on a package for perusal by the Hidden Waterfall."
"Eh? You think they would be interested in something like that?" Ino asks. "They're pretty reclusive, no?"
"Somewhat so," Erika says, putting her hands into her lap. "But there is strategic merit in securing their cooperation, since they do have a tailed beast in their possession by way of their jinchuuriki. She lives within the village as well, unlike the two jinchurriki of the Hidden Rock who seem to have a nominal loyalty to their home village at best. But a new trade route may very well be a point of interest to them. Various rewards could be offered, so on and so forth. Those options would be detailed at the promised time."
"Makes sense."
"So we have the document that is of great strategic value. I would be correct to assume that if it cannot be obtained, it can be destroyed instead?" I ask.
"Correct."
"And there is an important item we are to take with us as well?"
"Yes. I have a certain scroll for storage, as the item is somewhat fragile and might be compromised with excessive movement. It is stored in a vault, which we would be wise to gain legitimate access to so that egress would be immediate and less stressful in the end."
"So that's where I come in. I get it," Ino says, nodding.
"Yes. Though there are certain things that I want you aware of...things that are not part of the current mission," Erika says as she looks at me. I know what she's talking about...I really should take care of that before too much time passes. Ino deserves to know. "That aside, the item is a rare mineral not found anywhere outside of Earth Country. Our surveillance came up on it purely by chance, and so the Hokage decided that the time to obtain it is now. Analysis of this mineral will yield great benefits, especially if we can replicate its components for further use in our own endeavours. As it is now, the mineral with merely small shavings can be used for a variety of medical applications."
"Do you think there's the possibility of a cache there?" I ask.
"We cannot rule it out."
"Then if there is too much for us to carry out safely, would it be okay to store key items in a space that I control?"
"More than fine. Not only do I trust you greatly, but Lord Hokage has given us a wide latitude to complete these objectives."
I nod. "Excellent. Then we should be well prepared for what may come."
"There's a secondary thing going on, right? You mentioned it earlier, Erika," Ino says.
She nods slowly. "As you might know, foreign elements are embedded in each of the shinobi nations, from each of the five shinobi powers. Minor villages do not have the manpower to do this so often, but villages such as ours have the resources to support agents in deep cover for months if not years. Missions are routinely taken to assist and extract them, usually by members of the ANBU, but occasionally by members of the regular forces. A message was recently decoded by Miss Hyuuga of the Hokage's Office, and she passed it on to me as she believed it was relevant to my interests at the time. There is a person who made a request for assistance, so I sent a coded message back about a week ago. A few days before this mission began, I received a rather cryptic reply and an invitation to their location when possible. So I began looking for times where I could make a detour either before or after a mission in the vicinity. This one came up at a good time."
"So not even you know the true meaning of this message," I say.
"That is correct. But...the wording of it indicated that there was something quite serious going on. Something very heavy, to be sure. The operative is not in any danger himself. Even so, I would like you both to prepare your hearts for what you might see."
"Ominous, isn't it. Well, I believe we will be okay. Your warning will certainly be taken to heart, Erika."
"It's reassuring to hear. Tonight we will rest here, and continue on our way towards the Grass Country's eastern border. Tenchi Bridge is within our trajectory, and it will be an easy crossing to make."
"Fortuitous, indeed. I suppose we will turn in, then. First watch?"
"I will take care of it. Please do not worry about the timing, I will wake Ino and she will wake you last. But we will also take some time to relax before bed. The morning is still a long way away." Erika stands and stretches. "One last sweep of the perimeter before then. I will be back soon."
"Until then, Erika." She nods and starts her walk through the forest. Ino takes a seat right next to me and sighs.
"So. Our girl was being a little cryptic herself just now. Things that aren't part of the mission, eh?"
"Yes. You know that I was gone for a little while, dealing with a multitude of personal things and tragedies that befell me all at once. You were busy and so you were not present for the meeting that I held a few weeks ago. I've told almost everyone directly except for you. I apologize for that, Ino."
"Hey, whatever it was...it must have been super heavy. It's alright," she says as she rubs my back. "You didn't mean anything by it. I'm just glad you're back to your old, sassy self. That's the Lili I love the most, you know. And you're my friend, so...you know, I couldn't stay mad at you for more than a few hours anyway. Maybe less if you got me something nice."
"Nice to hear that bribes are always an option."
"Of course. You love it."
"Ino...I want to show you those memories. Is that okay?"
"Yeah. Let's go ahead and do that."
"It's as you said...very heavy things that might hurt you to see. But I don't want to hide anything from someone I adore so much."
The waving flames nearby make her eyes glow, and I watch her nod slowly, raising her hands. I do the same and meet hers, watching as she concentrates and pulls us both into that blue-tinged void again. We float towards each other, these fragments of ourselves, and hold hands silently. But this time, the memories float from me and into her. I can see everything as it was, as it always will be inside of my head, even if I don't realize. The run to the mansion. The relief at seeing Emi safe. The fear I felt for Luna, rushing to the foyer. The confrontation, the pleading, the point where I fell to pieces. Where I gathered myself up again to become a warrior...where I made the decision that would change my life forever. Everything up to this point.
More than words...I've opened myself up in ways that I couldn't comprehend before. The conscious and the unconscious. Ino, my beautiful, wonderful friend...she is seeing more of me than I could properly describe in the real world. I feel nervous, but at the same time relieved that there's no chance I could hold back anything, or hide it from her.
We settle back into reality without a word, her hands wrapped tightly around mine. Her blue eyes look into mine, and I see...more than I expected. Not just sadness or pity, or relief, or the usual things. Admiration. Reassurance. A feeling of...comfort. So many positive things along with the sympathy she has for me. Perhaps it's because she saw all of the memories I had of my loved ones helping and supporting me, and that in turn gave her hope.
"Do you know why I admire you so much, Lili?"
"I might. But you can tell me anyways, just as a reminder."
"It's because you can bounce back from things like this. Pain and suffering...impossible situations that would make most people fall apart. Fighting Gaara and then Orochimaru...facing those demons in your past and present, and protecting your loved ones at any cost. Fighting for the life of someone who hurt you so badly, just because someone else asked it of you. You're so brave, so very strong. I think the world of you."
"Ino..."
"I know that you'll be okay. You have so many people who love you, and who think highly of you like I do. But more than that...you're going to be a force of nature one day soon. I could see those memories, where you were wrapped in light...I couldn't really comprehend them, but I felt every moment, and I just know that you're so far beyond us that it's incredible. I want you to get there, to that point where you can speak and change the world around us forever. Seeing those memories makes me want to do anything to make sure that you succeed. Even my life...if it meant my life, I would do it. And I know you don't want to hear that. But it's how I feel."
"I-"
"You're going to say you don't deserve that much."
"I don't. You know that."
"I don't care what you think you deserve. You're a queen, and I'm going to treat you like one when I can. No matter how salty you might get, Lady Hokage."
"You too, huh."
"Yeah, me too." She gives me one of her silly grins.
"Thank you, Ino. For...accepting all of me. For giving me that comfort. It's very sweet...perhaps too sweet for me. But I accept it all the same."
"I'll always be here for you, no matter what. And...we'll always be connected. When I showed you my heart, you responded by giving everything you had to bring my best friend home. You saved her from a terrible fate. The very least I could do is support you, especially since you've shown me so many secret parts of yourself. The way you thought of your father, how you still think of him...you don't need to be ashamed of that. You've always been a good daughter. And you'll be an amazing big sister in the future."
"Thank you for that."
"It's what you deserve to hear. I'll always love you, Lili."
"And I will always love you, Ino. We'll change the world together, I promise."
"Finally decided to aim for the top, then?" She smiles and leans against my shoulder.
"Not quite. I...will start slowly in a meaningful position."
"Uncle Shikaku talks about you, you know. Maybe you can take over his spot one day."
"Jounin Commander...mm. It's not a terrible idea, I suppose."
"Heh, you see? I'll have you worn down soon enough. Then you'll go and start campaigning for the pointy hat before you can start drinking. What a feat that'd be!"
"Oi. Don't get ahead of yourself, woman."
"Yeah, yeah. Miss Kobayashi, you talk tougher than you actually are with us."
I sigh and put my arm around her. "You talk a lot. But I wouldn't want it any other way."


Chapter 105
Scarlet Justice - ep. 105"Innovations"[Earth Country Collections: Opening]
A night of rest before we start on the road again. It's a short distance to Tenchi Bridge, relatively speaking, and we see an increase in the number of travellers. Some have wares to sell and make their attempts as we pass at high speed, others are simply determined to get to their destinations. We stop at the entrance to the bridge, where Erika unrolls the relevant part of the mission scroll and shows it to the shinobi who stops us. He gruffly lets us through and we dash across to the other side.
As noted before, there is an abundance of rivers and ravines throughout the nation. There are also many forests and grasslands; the former we pass through now is composed mainly of bamboo. The material sees widespread use in the homes that we pass by as we run. We are not very far from the Hidden Grass itself. Briefly, I wonder about the state of the country. It seems that it is doing well enough, despite being sandwiched between two of the most powerful shinobi countries that have long been at odds.
"Erika...if I recall correctly, Orochimaru impersonated someone from that village during the Chuunin Exams," I say to her.
"Yes, that is the case. Given the removal of liability due to the nature of the exam second round, nothing could truly be done about it at the time. However, Lord Hokage personally expressed his condolences and offered compensation to the surviving family members."
"Awfully nice of the old man," Ino says. "So what was the catch?"
"Increased positive relations and a reinforcement of diplomatic ties. The usual things. Grass has a robust intelligence network and the strongest diplomatic ability of any country on this continent. This is one way that they have kept ahead of conflict and defended themselves in times of trouble. They analyze various techniques, they are careful in their dealings, and their shinobi make themselves hard to read."
"Like you, right?"
"A fair enough analogy. Though I don't have the best poker face...I tend to be too open at times."
Ino chuckles lightly at that. "That's a little hard to believe, hon."
"Is it?" she asks.
"Just a little," I add in.
"Hm. I see. Well, all of that aside...they make for a welcome ally, and so it is in the best interests of the village to keep ourselves in their good graces. As much as possible, one supposes. The current initiative, which will bring in an increase in positive economic activity, is one way of remaining in those good graces." Erika looks at me. "Also...one of the children that we recovered from the operations against the Hidden Sound was from the Hidden Grass. She was an orphan, serving the village with her medical ability, but while on a mission was stolen away by Orochimaru and made to work for him."
"There must be a great many stories like that," I say.
"I do not have all the details, but I think you should make time to speak with her at some point, Lili. She's expressed an interest in meeting you."
"A fan, then? Intriguing. She also might be one of the children that Fio will be connected with soon. Either way, I will make some time for her."
"Much appreciated."
"Can't imagine what it must have been like during those world wars," Ino says as we leave the bamboo forest. "Especially the last one...your entire country, just reduced to the front in a terrible series of fights. Children being called up at such young ages, just to die in those bloody fields. Hurts just thinking about it, you know? As violent as the exams got, they had to be nothing in comparison."
"The scars run deep, and have not been forgotten. I have run this route before, due to the nature of my work. Let me show you," Erika says. We fall in line and run behind her, across the grassy fields. Eventually we come to a stop and look at the scene in front of us.
"What has been done cannot be undone. What was seen cannot be unseen. Those memories are what we must use to create a new future. These are the things that inform the actions of our Hokage. They are reminders of the sacrifices we have made in the past, the ones we make now, and the ones we will make in the future. Lives, filled with meaning."
"..."
It is a small place on the endless battlefield. Terrain altered by jutsu and weapons, explosives and poisons that have seeped into the soil. Uneven ground, interrupting pockets of grass that have tried to fill in the gaps. And flowers of all kinds. There are weapons stuck into the ground and lying on it, rusting away slowly. Surely the headbands and bodies were recovered all those decades ago, but the remnants of clothing, the broken and useless gear...they lie in place, forgotten in the chaos and strife of war. I can see the pictures of a battle, of many battles taking place over and over again in this space.
There are no memorials. No attempts to give a voice to this moment in history. Perhaps it was forgotten by the people of this nation, or perhaps nobody cared to do anything. It doesn't really matter, maybe.
"Lest we forget."
The meaning of Erika's words, and the reason she brought us to the place, is clear. Our reason for being is to fight for something beyond this. Far beyond this. The old man must realize it as well, that the velvet glove can only do so much. Strength is necessary...even if it might mean more bloodshed for a time.
"He must worry greatly," I say.
"Time is running short. It is not fear that he will leave the earth," Erika says. "Rather...it is that his strength will wane before the greatest tasks can be completed. We are here as his mighty arms, but it cannot remain so forever."
"The body politic, then..."
"Yes."
"I wonder about being made the head of such a thing."
"I see. You have time to make a proper decision, and I will see to it that you are not rushed into making one."
"Thank you."
The three of us stand together and look out into the field, silent and unmoving.
"All of this fighting and hatred...the stuff that's taken so many people from this world and broken so many relationships into pieces. We have a chance to change all of that, don't we?" Ino asks.
"We do. Maybe not right now, but things like this...they're a start," I say. "They hold a lot of meaning for people like us. Those who are physically girls but mentally women, with all of the baggage and responsibility those changes carry."
"Yeah. This is a good start. And it doesn't need to be our sons or daughters that carry on our legacies. We can form those great bonds with so many others."
"Our first step will be completing this mission and returning home. With patience, the world will be in our hands, to shape as we wish," Erika says.
"Becoming the world's nemesis, then? I suppose if that's what it takes," I say as I flip my hair backwards. "My title as the World Serpent should not be just for show. We will become a force to be reckoned with. But for now...it is as our peerless leader says. Awaiting your orders."
Erika smiles and nods. "Into formation once more, ladies. Follow my lead."
"Ma'am."
And so, we leave that lonely memorial behind...the unspoken promise to those souls rising towards heaven. That one day, that dream of peace in our hearts will be made manifest.
"Authorization has not been given for entry into the country's interior. But of course, that is how the shinobi business tends to work."
Late evening, 1935 hours. The sun has set about two hours prior. We've crossed boldly into Earth Country, a place that as noted has much in the way of desolate, rocky land. In fact the first obstacle is a particularly jagged sort of mountain range, nominally climbable by regular means and a robust way of blocking travellers or enemies. Large scale attacks on this front would be difficult, which explains why the Leaf didn't simply surge in across the Grass Country border and attack the Hidden Rock so long ago. The best ways to do that are by sea from the north, and surging up through Wind Country from the south. But both of those options would require considerable planning, especially without the cooperation of the surrounding nations.
"We have falsified documents that will be able to buy us some time if we are spotted on the way to the mission. It is preferred that we remain undetected throughout," Erika explains.
"As is sensible for those in our occupation," I say as we climb. Patrols are not terribly tight, and there are enough animals around to keep the tracking types occupied. We suppress our chakra as much as possible as we move. The darkness helps conceal our forms, and we make our steps as light as possible.
The southwestern part of the country doesn't have much of note. Likely why the items are being stored here in the first place - it wouldn't occur to most to search around a barren, rock-filled area like this in search of precious treasure.
"There."
Erika has us stop and points out a hill in the distance. It stands out somewhat against the rest of the terrain, even in this darkness.
"Artificial, then."
"Yes. They should have at least one sensor on board. I suspect there is a structure that allows them to detect incoming intruders from a distance. I will start my scouting. The two of you will find a good vantage point and hold there until I return."
"Understood. Be safe, Erika."
"I will." She silently disappears and leaves little trace of her presence. Even her chakra is pushed down as much as possible. Little wonder she was scouted for ANBU so early on.
"Come, Ino. I'll get us to a good place."
"Got it. Following your lead."
If there is something like Erika mentioned, I should be able to feel it if I focus properly. The artificial nature of the hill and the structure on top of it means that atmospheric aberrations will be limited, and thus an increased amount of control can be exercised over the space in the atmosphere. In a word, the hill and the immediate area can be used as an extension of the shinobi on it, able to channel the signature Earth Release techniques that would be used to attack and defend. While I boast a clear elemental advantage, I can't rely on that alone. Especially not when I have my teammates to consider.
"How's it looking so far?" Ino asks as we dart into the nearby forest.
"Nothing to report. We should be more than fine from this distance, and I can sense a proper shift from here...but I can be a bit more precise."
"Can you?"
"Yes. I'm going to activate that mode for a moment."
"You mean...ah, right. I saw it in your memory. Okay, I'll be here to back you up."
"Thank you. Let's begin." I close my eyes and reach into myself as we continue walking. That place, that familiar feeling...there. "Void Heart, activate."
The world falls into immediate silence, and things start to slow in my vision. It is not like the last time I used it, fighting those chaotic emotions and struggling to stabilize myself. This is smoother and much cleaner...I feel my mind and body switching gears, moving to a higher output as I call for it in this moment. I can push my sensing out further, in a much easier manner than ever before. Very intriguing.
It is also somewhat draining, I notice. Aside from the sealing of every emotion inside of me, I could be taxed beyond my limits if I am not careful. Fortunately one of the great boons of this form is the heightened awareness it provides. I obtain an understanding of how this transform extracts energy from my body and its reserves. More food...fats and sugars. I see, that much is sensible. Dietary adjustments will be made upon my return home, and I will improve both my chakra control and physical energy management immediately. Efficiency should be sharply improved within the next fifteen seconds.
The mission focus. From the data obtained, the modified structure and sensor shinobi inside do not offer protections outside of a two kilometre radius from the front side. Personnel can be moved in order to increase the effective range, but it is unlikely at this time. Total number of personnel: thirteen. Three secure the perimeter, leaving ten inside. Breakdowns are complete. Best to share with Ino so that our planning can run smoothly. Internal optimizations are completed. Void Heart can be safely deactivated.
"Offline."
I let out a breath and return to normal.
"You okay?"
"Yes, I'm doing well," I say to Ino. "No problems. A bit strange using that form on my own for the first time, but...it was surprisingly smooth. I sort of like it, you know?"
"Heh. Only you would say something so out there. Most people dread turning into robots and stuff like that."
"Mm. I suppose, but that's their loss. Being able to really stretch your mind out like that is...well, it's quite exciting, to say the least. Now, we've gained a good bit of data from that session. We are well away from their maximum effective range, based on my calculations of the enemy type, structure type, and chakra levels as well as potential-"
"Oi, oi. Pump the brakes a bit, girlfriend."
"Right," I say with a sheepish smile. "Sorry...I was still coming off that high, wasn't I."
"Yeah, I'd say so. But don't worry about it, just go at a speed that a normie like me can follow."
"Yes, of course. I'll draw out our current status." I take out a scroll and a pen, then quickly start drawing. While the layout of the interior isn't something I can figure out with sensing alone, we might be able to get something once we get close enough. Thirteen people, three outside in a periodically rotating, triangular formation. Ten inside. Five on one floor, four on another, one below the earth - meaning a basement or something similar.
"Okay, so we've got the three levels to deal with. Given how our techniques work...if we hit one of them at the right time, we can gain quick access to the inside and cut out a lot of the nonsense that would usually happen. Unless we want to make a statement of some kind?" Ino muses.
I tilt my head upwards as Erika comes in. She lands with barely a sound next to us.
"Captain? Are we here to make noise?" I ask.
"Fewer disruptions are always a boon for us. But I expect that we will have to take down at least a few soldiers in the process. Non-lethal methods are preferred for this mission."
"Sensible." I hand her the scroll. "Here's what I have. Ino, what was your idea just now?"
"You aim for me and I can fire off the Mind Transfer Technique at one of the targets. I figure I can get a good look at the interior for a bit before I leave, and they go on high alert."
"That might make things a bit difficult once it happens," Erika says as she reads. "One in the basement area...hm. Effective range is only that much, then? How far can your technique go, Ino?"
"If I push enough chakra into it...should be at the edge of that limit."
"Inefficient, in that case. We want you in good health in case anything happens. So that means we will need to get closer. Two kilometres is the maximum effective range according to Lili's calculations. Very impressive detail, by the way."
"Thank you," I say.
"You are quite welcome. With the abundance of data and our plan largely mapped out...I propose we hold for a few more hours, eat something, and prepare to strike when the enemy's defences are thinnest. They cannot hold their patterns forever, and sensors are always in much higher demand than there is supply."
"Two of them, one outside and the other on the ground floor inside," I say to Erika.
"We find the first link on the outside, and connect from there. Easily done," she replies. "A quick snack, then?"
"I got some fancy stuff from home packed. Just gotta heat it up properly," Ino says. "Hope you girls like stew."
"Ooh, do I ever. Lots of veggies?" I ask.
"Everything you could ask for and more. Oh, do we even have a good place to get a fire going?"
"Mountains back the way we came. I can keep an eye on them from here while we take proper cover. Wind is good, too. Chilly, but what isn't this time of year. This way."
Now, there is a way to build a fire pit that greatly reduces the amount of smoke, and we actually do this quite a bit on missions. As a result, I've become good at building such structures quickly when needed. They're great with heat, which means much better cooking on the whole. But with a rapidly opening and closing window, we want to start and finish as quickly as possible, meaning there's no time to dig the two pits and connect them properly like we would want. So a normal fire it is. The smoke will be carried away by the light winds, and hopefully we don't have anyone staring out too hard in this direction.
By the time we get into our food it's past 2300 hours. I've been reaching out into the void to see if there's any major movement, and nothing is happening so far. At least it allows us to finish our stew, which was delicious.
"Did you make this yourself?" Erika asks Ino.
"Sure did. What'cha think?"
"It was a delightful meal. Thank you for sharing it."
"You're welcome! I didn't bring too much with me, but maybe next time we can have a double helping for ourselves."
"That would be lovely."
Is this something happening? Movement...yes. Most of them are gathering in one place. I can only assume they're taking a meal break...in any case, this is our chance.
"We have action, ladies. Seems it's snack time for our hungry guardians," I say as I stand up. We all toss our wooden bowls and spoons into the fire.
"Then it's time for us to do a little feasting of our own," Ino says.
"The effective sensing range should be much lower than estimated," Erika adds in. "We should have an easier time getting this done. I will go completely dark and wait for you two to make contact with the sensor shinobi they are sure to have outside."
"I'll have an eye on you either way," I say as I tap my nose. Erika nods with understanding.
"I trust you both. Good luck."
She disappears into the night as Ino and I move forward. We step within the two kilometre range and nothing flares up. Cutting that distance in half yields the same non-result. No need to get closer and compromise anything...Erika is slowly making her way up the hill, with her chakra suppressed all the way to nearly nothing. Because of that, she won't be able to perform any attacks or make quick movements without exposing herself.
"Feeling confident, Lili?"
"Always."
"Then I'm in your capable hands, as always. Let's give our girl some breathing room, shall we?"
"Let's." I stand behind Ino and place my hands over hers. She moves them into position for her clan's signature technique, the Mind Transfer Jutsu. A technique like this, whether it succeeds or fails, leaves the user in a completely vulnerable state as their consciousness leaves their body. The kind of jutsu that is a straight shot in one direction, moving relatively slowly. That is why people like Ino are paired with people like Shikamaru and Choji, as the former can move her body if needed, and the latter can defend her physically.
"Hey. You remember the exams?"
"A lot happened there," I reply. "Which memorable event are we speaking of?"
"When I tried to get inside your head and your perverted id or whatever tried to have her way with me."
"Ah, yeah. I remember that little episode well."
"I bet you do. Those were fun times, you know. Aside from the murder, and...you know, the whole invasion thing."
"Indeed."
"We've come a long way since then. Well, since the Academy and me wanting to bring you down a few pegs. I really was stuck on Sasuke. Makes me cringe a bit thinking about it."
"Things like that happen. Youth, youthful mistakes, all of that."
"Yeah. And now I'm about to entrust my body to a known...what was the word you used? Connoisseur of women. And one of my best friends in the whole world, but you know. Details."
"Right. You are a terrible flirt, you know that?"
"I know. And you love it, just like you love me."
"Of course I do. Our target is coming into range, along the predicted pattern. Ready? Breathe."
We slowly synchronize our breathing. In...out. In...out. In...out.
The pattern becomes second nature, and I can feel Ino's body move in time with mine. From this point, all I have to do is squeeze and she'll react. Missing won't be the end of the world, but we don't want to make mistakes at this stage of the game.
Three...two...one. Squeeze. Ino falls limp in my arms and I make sure to catch her. We should have landed it, but only time will tell. I sneak in closer with Ino's body in my arms and feel out the positions of everyone else, while waiting for the promised signal.
"..."
The male shinobi standing on the hill looks in my direction. He grins and subtly flashes a double peace sign.
I smile back.
Success. We are in.


Chapter 106
Scarlet Justice - ep. 106"Automations"[Earth Country Collections: Feature]
I settle in at the base of the hill, keeping a firm grip on Ino in case I need to move quickly in the next moment. The plan has been set in motion.
From here, things will follow a simple and effective arc, leaving space for us to improvise if anything should go wrong. The first step, getting Ino safely inside the mind of our enemy, has been completed. She will take herself to the edge of her technique's limit, which is about two or three minutes worth of real world time. As much information as possible will be gathered from the target, then Erika will make a timely arrival for an information exchange. Once Ino feels that it's time to leave, she will return to her own body and Erika will knock out the shinobi to close the loop. It's this point that determines what we will do next: if there is a reaction from the others, then we will have to act as quickly as possible and take out everyone inside at once. This might be difficult if we're strictly going for non-lethal takedowns, and there's the possibility of a silent alarm of some sort, making the sole person downstairs react in ways that we cannot predict. Speaking of them, they've remained in their position this entire time. Surely if the others are eating, they will be served as well...unless there is a hidden food cache down there, perhaps? We might know more soon.
The other possibility is that everything goes smoothly, and our enemy is none the wiser. That means we can proceed as we wish, and properly sneak into the structure to get what we want. From what I can see, it's in the form of a cube. Wooden, sturdy enough from what I can tell. But with this artificial surface it sits on, also easily collapsible if need be. That above all is the biggest worry if we should be stuck inside. The Hidden Rock does love to dispose of problems via fissure and cave-in...
"Mmph..."
Ino stirs in my arms. Good, she's back. Erika is returning after having pulled away the other shinobi and starts to stalk the remaining one on patrol.
"Are you okay, my love?" I ask gently.
"Just fine. Thanks. I got plenty of stuff to show you...Erika's already in the know, and she's got a plan for us."
"Good. Let me just help her take care of the final problem, then we'll sprint up for a quick conference."
"I'm alright to walk, then."
I set her down slowly and then reach for a shuriken from my pouch. Making sure that the shinobi is not moving, I whip it quickly past his head. He predictably turns and in the next moment, Erika is on him, knocking him out with a single blow. She drags him to the side of the structure as we run up to meet her. There's still no reaction from the others inside, which confuses me just a bit.
"Ino, go."
She does as Erika tells her and puts her hands on the side of my head. The information transfer begins, a series of images that explodes into being inside of my mind. Though it takes a bit of effort to pull everything together, I have a clear image of what's going on right at this moment. I can see why Erika wanted both of us to come along on this mission, Ino especially.
"Is everything sorted?" Erika asks me.
"Yes. So the sensor we handled first was the more experienced one. The other one inside, she's still quite green and has to devote some time and effort to switch her chakra over to a sensing state. Right now she's focused on eating and while she will be done soon, we can already make adjustments to evade her."
"Both of you, make the switch now. I will keep my chakra suppressed for the next phase."
"Understood." Ino and I focus, matching our chakra signals to the other shinobi we felled. It likely won't be a perfect match, but we can take advantage of the inexperience of the only remaining sensor inside. Still nobody is moving, not even to head downstairs. The three of us move out to the front of the structure just to be cautious.
"The only gap we have right now is the basement area," Erika says. "What we do know now is the layout of the floors and the little nuances of the interior. There are three entry points to the basement: one is directly from the ground floor, the other from a side entrance nearby, and the last is an emergency tunnel. We will not be going near the last if possible, since we know the habits of the Hidden Rock when it comes to interior spaces. I will be heading to the roof and then down to the top level to gather more data and put myself in place for multiple diversions. We will be running on a timer once this conference ends. Seven minutes. Once that time expires, I will start my routines no matter what happens, and you both will need to escape. It does not matter where you go or how you leave, you must leave. Eventually we will be able to find each other. Your safety is more important to me than anything else. Is this understood?"
"Yes ma'am," we reply.
"Good. From my simulations, I know who will be ascending to the top level first and who is likely to be on the ground floor sweeping for threats. This structure has two exit points, the front that we see here, and the back which is directly opposite that. There will be a subtle diversion at the thirty second mark. This should place the person we want near the back exit, and said entrance has a door that is easily accessible. From there, you may act at your discretion. Are there any questions?"
"None," I say.
"Nothing," Ino replies. "Let's go for it."
"Yes. I believe the meal break will be ending very soon. Lili?"
"Timer set at seven minutes," I say as I look at my watch. Erika hands me a scroll. "Ready to activate."
"We start now. Godspeed, ladies."
Erika jumps towards the roof and starts climbing, while Ino and I split off and make our way around the wooden structure towards the rear exit. It really was hastily put together, and isn't much on the interior either. Perhaps this is meant as a simple holding place. Or there simply wasn't any effort spared for an installation in the middle of nowhere. It's looking more and more like the second case. Erika has found her way inside, and we're nearing twenty seconds. Ino is keeping pace with me, and the sensor girl is up and going. She reaches out into the atmosphere with her chakra as the others move back to their posts.
"Hey, you guys! We're switching off, time for you to eat!"
Our move should start...now.
"Oi, guard the front door! There's something upstairs."
"Yeah!"
Ino and I meet at the back door. I quickly pull out a small knife and charge it with lightning chakra, then swipe it through the small gap in the door. The deadbolt and latch are both cut through cleanly. Ino positions herself and prepares her jutsu, while I get ready to open the door so that she has a clear line of sight.
"Ready," she says quietly.
I nod and quickly pull open the door, allowing her to fire her technique at the closest person. They're alone, which is nothing but a positive for us. Ino falls and I catch her, while the body she occupies runs over to close the door behind us, using a paper seal to hold it in place. It's a woman this time, seemingly in her early thirties from what I can tell. She has short black hair and eyeglasses.
"Down we go. I have the knock pattern she needs to use, and the other ones shouldn't be down here for another minute or so. Seems our girl in the basement has all of the other information that we need..."
I suppress my chakra and we rush towards the stairs, heading downwards towards the basement door. Ino passes the information she's gleaned to me just in case I can make something else out of it, then starts the knock pattern.
"What's up?" The voice on the other side is definitely a girl's, youthful sounding. Probably a teenager sent to take care of the most undesirable part of the job - this basement looks especially miserable.
"Food's here."
"Shit, really? I'm starving...gimme a second."
We hear movement on the other side, and bolts on the door sliding away so that it can properly open.
"What's next?" Ino whispers.
"Did you have something in mind?" I whisper back.
"Yeah. I'll take her and then let the body drop. You should be able to set me down and get your hands on her after that."
"That should work. We're approaching three minutes."
"Plenty of time. Here we go, then..."
The corridor is cramped, so moving forward into the room is the only real option at this point. Ino's plan should work, and if not...killing is undesirable, but not out of the question here. Hopefully it doesn't come to that.
"Took long enough...alright, I'm re-"
Ino uses the older woman's body to push through the inward swinging entrance and wrap the younger girl in a bear hug.
"Release."
"Mm-mhmmm!"
As they fall over together, I rush in and set Ino's real body down, pushing the door closed behind me and rushing back to the tangle of bodies before the other girl can work her way free. I put my right hand on the older woman's back and make her pass out with a good jolt of electricity; my left goes around the girl's neck as she lies face first on the floor, and she's paralyzed for the time being. Her hair is fairly colourful, short and dyed a soft blue. The body isn't too bad, either.
"How much time do you need?" I call to Ino.
"N-not much. I should be good..."
"It might take a bit before you can move properly at this rate. Better hurry."
"Yeah." She walks over and begins her jutsu again, falling backwards into my chest. I set her down in one of the nearby chairs and wait for her target to stand up, fighting off the effects of the earlier paralysis.
"Ino?"
"Yeah, you were right...gonna be a few more seconds. Uh...god, sorry."
"Not your fault." I go and lock the door, checking for any immediate threats. Nothing yet, but the people upstairs are getting anxious. Our other two exit points are clear for now. "Just let me know when."
"Uh...okay." She puts a hand to her head. "Okay, there's the counter to the far right, top drawer, pull it out and then feel for a switch underneath. Push that in twice. Check the cabinet above, clear a space through the junk and pull on the ring you see. Should be a box that comes out. Standard seal, overload it."
"Understood."
"Scroll's in there. Mineral is in a safe underneath the floor...need a jutsu to dig it up, and our gal has just the thing. I'll get on it in a second."
I move to do as she says. Counter furthest right, drawer at the top. I pull it out quickly and feel for the switch. Once I find it, I push it twice as instructed. Done. A small click sounds and I reach up towards the cabinet, pushing dusty items to either side and finding the gold ring described earlier. With a quick pull, the wooden box comes out and I set it down on the counter, opening it up to find a metal container inside. There's a paper seal on it, and I lay two fingers down before surging chakra through them. The paper burns away and the box is easily opened.
"Scroll...yes, just as we hoped for. Primary objective completed," I say.
Ino has pushed the safe upwards on an earth platform. Normal looking metal box with a single dial combination lock. Would have been nice if they went electronic...always makes my work so much easier.
"So what's the plan? Bust it up?" Ino asks. "How much time do we have?"
"Two and one half minutes. No, something like that would take too long, and there's more than likely a relocker fitted. That screws us if we use too much force. If it were electronic I could just spike the damn thing," I say. "Either way, we don't want to damage what's inside."
"You think we need to carry it?"
"No, no. We should be fine. How are you for time?"
"Maybe two more minutes."
"I'll be done before then." I press my ear against the metal and close my eyes, concentrating. The sounds and vibrations speak to me as I quickly turn the dial. Have to assume three discs inside. Numbers from one to sixty. Clockwise. Yes, I'm correct. Three discs - this should be easy. First, ten. Counter-clockwise. Second, fifteen. Clockwise. Third, thirty-six. Done.
"And we have our prize." I take out the scroll that Erika gave me earlier and unroll it, then place the spiky ball of blue rock in the middle of the formula. With a single seal, the object is transformed into a two-dimensional representation, safely stowed. I roll up the scroll, bind it, and put it into my pouch. "Secondary objective completed. All clear. One minute, thirty seconds remaining."
"We've got incoming," Ino says. "I can hold out just a bit longer."
"Time to head outside. I've got you."
I scoop up Ino's body again and we head outside, ignoring the banging on the door.
Ino winces as we clear the exit, going back into the night where we are cloaked in darkness once more. "Yeah, I'm at my limit. Get ready, Lili."
"Go ahead."
"Release."
I set Ino on her feet and use my free hand to hit the other girl squarely in the face, throwing her backwards into the side of the structure before she falls forward, unconscious.
"Oh, to do that to such a pretty face...do forgive me, darling." I sigh and shake out my hand.
"Hey...mind being dramatic later? We've gotta haul our fine asses far from here," Ino says drowsily.
"Come, now. I'm not that irresponsible."
"Never hurts to be sure."
I pick her up again and take off into the nearby forest. The other shinobi are spreading out to try and find us, but...
"Seven minutes...now."
Erika's timed diversion seems to the very opposite of subtle. It's a rather flashy explosion that brings the Hidden Rock shinobi rushing back to their outpost as she flees. We can loop back around to her as soon as it's safe to do so. Given we're under cover of darkness, that shouldn't be too long.
"I'm good to move. Thanks again, Lili."
"Of course."
Ino gets to her knees and catches her breath. Using that jutsu of hers so many times in a row could not have been easy. Not just the chakra, but the mental strain from taking on so many memories at once...she did extremely well tonight. As always, I am very proud of her.
"Got both of our targets, no fuss. We did good, girlfriend."
"Like we would do anything less together," I say with a smile.
"It's what I love to hear. Yeah...Erika really knows her stuff. And she can pull off diversions like nobody's business. How's she doing?"
"Perfectly well. About five kilometres from us at the moment...the Rock shinobi aren't as invested in chasing her as they are preventing their little lodging from burning to the ground. Very little to worry about. When you're rested enough, we will walk ahead and meet up with her."
"Got it. I'll take you up on that offer. Whew..."
We wait another hour quietly, monitoring the movements of the Hidden Rock shinobi. They have yet to properly deal with the fire, but some of their members are out hunting for whoever infiltrated their little building. Our reason for not going at full power from the start is made manifest at this moment; they cannot identify or track us by chakra signature since we've either suppressed our own or in Ino's case, stolen familiar signatures for our own use.
Erika starts to move through the forest and back towards the mountain range that we crossed on the way here. We go back to our first checkpoint to grab our hidden personal items, then slowly follow her and get closer until we can see each other again. Her chakra is the same as before from what I'm sensing, but we do the usual routine hand signs in sequence before anything else.
"You are both safe. Good..." She gives us both warm hugs. "The enemy should be sufficiently distracted for a long while, since the explosion and subsequent fire are both chemical-based."
"Ah. Sounds just a bit troublesome," I say.
"Given that the structure involved contains several types of flammable material, not including the timber that composes the majority of it, I would agree with that assessment. Come, we will move to a safer place and rest. The information will still be in our heads once we wake in the morning. I am sure that Ino especially will be grateful for it."
"Right on the money. I'm...kinda beat, honestly. But don't shut everything down on account of me, you know," Ino says.
"You would say such a thing. I, however, am the mission leader. And I say that we will rest a while. Any objections, Miss Yamanaka?"
"None over here. Let's get ourselves some sleep, then."
We travel onward and find ourselves a small cave in one of the mountain faces, enough to fit the three of us inside. Erika sets down an array of traps and we sit together against the back wall, heads pointed towards the outside. It's warm like this...comfortable. It doesn't really get much better than spending time like this with two good friends. The whole potentially deadly mission in a foreign country thing is more or less in the background, of course.
Ino is already sound asleep next to me, and I can feel my eyelids getting a bit heavy.
"We can all go to sleep together for once," Erika says. She yawns and slowly closes her eyes. "The traps should wake us...if anything trips them properly...calibrated for...mm..."
She drifts off next to me before she can finish. I suppose I can follow her advice and close my eyes for a spell. It's been quite a long day, and this...it's well deserved.
I open my eyes to the new day. My watch says that it's about 900 hours, which is fine. I feel quite refreshed.
"Hey...morning."
"Good morning, darling. I hope I didn't wake you early," I say to Ino.
"Nope. I'm more than okay. Might get too used to this, you know...it's really nice sleeping next to you."
"I would say the same to you," I reply with a smile. Erika has already woken up, standing at the mouth of our cave and presumably doing a survey of the area ahead of us. The ground in this cave is quite hard, and thus unsuited to making a proper fire pit. We'll have to descend and make breakfast down below.
Erika is dismantling and collecting the last of the traps as we leave the cave.
"You both have awakened. Good. Shall we have breakfast and discuss our findings?"
"That sounds nice. I have a good breakfast in mind, along with a superbly sumptuous tea to properly wash it down," I say. "You and Ino can exchange information properly while I make preparations."
"Quite agreeable."
The three of us descend the mountain and reach a concealed place. I test the ground and after finding it suitable for digging, make the fire pit with two tunnels to reduce the amount of smoke that is output. The small portable pan comes out, so does the meat and the vegetables sealed away for these excursions...Ino and Erika sit together on a rock and silently pass information back and forth while I cook.
"So the mission and all its objectives were accomplished safely. Well done, ladies. I knew that I could count on you," Erika says with a smile.
"We have our wonderful commander to thank, of course," I say to her.
"Yeah. I mean we could have pulled it off on our own, but probably not as smoothly if not for you," Ino says.
"I will accept your praise of me. Thank you."
"Hey, you'd better. Seriously, you're super super old-school when you work, and it's the absolute coolest. Like, everyone these days is mostly about the aggressive jutsu and the techniques and the stabbing and the killing...you know, all that. But you? You're so sleek and stealthy, all the time. I don't think enough people appreciate that." She pauses. "Also...that wasn't cosplay I saw in there, was it?"
"No. I apologize, I did neglect to tell you about that part of me..."
Ino waves her hands. "No, no! Seriously, it's fine! Uh...I find out stuff like that sometimes. Things inside of people's heads. It's not a hassle, like...hiding it, is it?"
"Not at all. My mother taught me very well how to keep my true nature concealed. And of course, undoing it is quite simple." A soft, slender white tail pops up from behind her back. "I do not mind doing it when I am alone at home, or in the presence of those I truly trust."
"Oh, I see. It's really neat...all the people I know are totally human. Well, mostly." She giggles as Erika's tail touches her nose.
"I resemble that last remark," I say as I deliver breakfast to the girls. "Here you are, the tea is being kept warm for now. Shall we begin our reports?"
"We shall. From what Ino has shown me, the mission has been completed without incident. No identifying information was gathered, and even in the event that we are accused of this infiltration, we have much in the way of deniability. Lili, I assume the scroll contained the information needed by the Hokage's Office to perform their duties?"
"It did, yes. An authentic document, with all of the relevant details contained within. Signatures and seals were all in place, the document retained its physical integrity, and the removal cannot be directly traced back to us as individuals, or the Hidden Leaf as a village and organization."
"Very good. And the secondary objective was completed cleanly as well. I was not aware of your innate skill in defeating locks."
"Oh, that." I shrug as I sit down to eat. "It was nothing special. I decided that if I was going to learn traditional lock picking, I might as well learn the other styles as well. It brought me to some things about relocking and self-arming systems, electronic locks and such...so on and so forth. Quite fascinating, I must say. But yes, it was a simple rotating lock, easily dealt with, and with no need for volatile materials like explosives."
"Hm. I made that remark because of the reason that most storage solutions do not come with levels of security higher than what you have encountered."
"Oh, is that so?"
"Yes." Erika has her tail disappear again. "In this age, advanced and ostensibly more secure systems are cost prohibitive. Perhaps your views have been coloured somewhat by the rate at which you take on A-Rank missions, where such systems are commonplace."
"That does make sense...especially in the field where you might need to destroy pieces of evidence. And of course, memorizing a code is somewhat bad because of genjutsu..."
"Or other methods," Ino points out. "The girl in the basement I possessed, she didn't have the combination on her."
"Usually one or more persons have access to that information, and they tend to be either the leaders, or the strongest and most resilient of the group. I suspect we would have found out if we had to face down all of them at once," Erika says.
"Only you two would talk so casually about a three on ten scenario."
"Mm. It does sound somewhat reckless, if you analyze it from a certain point of view..."
"That sort of arrogance is warranted," I say lazily. "If it weren't, we wouldn't be sitting here right now eating breakfast in enemy territory."
"Eh...you're right about that much," Ino admits. "Sorta magical how the crazy stuff looks routine with the right people. But I'm not complaining."
"With the great success of the mission, we will be able to travel in a more casual manner to our next stop. Hopefully, it is not as serious a matter as it seems to be. As said before, we must all be prepared for what might come next," Erika says.
Ino and I nod before we all go back to our food.


Chapter 107
content warning: in this chapter there will be discussion and depiction of genocide, with various other war crimes. the actions that the protagonists take here measured against real world practices may also seem objectionable to some.
though the act is treated with proper gravitas, the contents should still be properly noted.
Scarlet Justice - ep. 107"Chrysanthemum Hymn"[Earth Country Collections: Conclusion]
Our path of travel takes us in an arc going northeast, curving towards the Hidden Rock. We will be stopping well short of there, of course, but still close enough that shinobi can travel back and forth within the space of a day. With our primary and secondary objectives completed, we simply need to return to the village to have everything settled. But as Erika pointed out at the start of our mission, there is other important business to take care of.
The possibility of this being something dire makes me think quite a bit on it. What is it that we might be involved in?
Between our travel and rest, a day passes. Erika pulls out a map on this morning and observes it for a solid minute before setting it alight. The ashes float away in the cool wind, and she stretches a hand forward before making a half seal.
"Only that much, then..."
Her head tilts upwards. Then she balls her hand into a fist and punches the earth below, going still for a few seconds before rising again. This must be some sort of esoteric code that was provided by the operative in this country. Things like that are given out from time to time, and while sometimes annoying, they are vital to the safety of everyone involved and the success of any given mission. That is why, as odd and inefficient as they can be, they are respected and carried out as often as possible.
"It seems that things are as they should be. Let's continue. The home should be up ahead."
We pass through another stretch of forest before exiting at the foot of a mountain pass. There is a home not far off it, sitting neatly on one side with a long slope reaching from the road to the front entrance. The three of us follow it upwards and Erika knocks on the door. It seems like a normal enough place, especially looking at the similarly placed and styled houses surrounding it. I assume these are mostly civilian homes, which makes going undercover just a bit easier.
As the door opens, we see a young girl on the other side. She wears a plain white dress and has violet hair, tied back into a bun. A cursory sniff at the air tells me that there is some sort of poisoned instrument close by.
"Good morning. How can I help you today?" she says with an innocent smile.
"We are here for a delivery...a selection of teas that your father had ordered previously. They come from a certain shop in the Hidden Leaf."
"Dad does love his tea. What kind was it, again?"
"Amacha. The most beautiful hydrangeas are grown within the village, so it only seems logical."
"I guess that much is true." She reveals the kunai hidden in her sleeve and bows deeply towards us. "He should be in his study right now. Please, come in."
"Thank you." We return her bow and step inside. The door closes behind us, and we follow our hostess to the wide open living space, with its low table and cups of tea already prepared.
"I'll get Mom and Dad here in a moment. Would you like anything while you wait?" she asks.
"Nothing for now," Erika says. "Thank you. We will wait here patiently."
The daughter nods and leaves the room.
"Pretty hardcore," Ino says. "You think she knows everything her parents are up to?"
"She certainly has an idea. The details, however, may have been concealed to protect her as much as possibly. Both physically and mentally," Erika replies. "For a child so young...there is no need to expose her to every horror that we face."
"Not yet a shinobi," I say. "But she has the fortitude of one, to act so calmly."
"Indeed."
"Welcome. You made it safely, and with a couple of friends, I see."
"Yes." Erika stands and shakes hands with the robed man who appears in front of us. Average height for a man, which is to say taller than all of us, rugged, muscular. Has a mane of wild brown hair combined with a neat beard. He shakes hands with me and Ino next, and I note that he has a firm, reasonable grip. The lightly robed woman next to him, with long brown hair - who I assume is his wife - looks very wife-like. That is to say, her frame is thin and she has a delicate look about her. Though from reading her chakra, it's not entirely the truth - she's very clearly a trained shinobi like her husband. Her skills lie in other areas, and it must have been her idea to have the daughter handle poisons so deftly.
We all have a seat again, the married pair sitting next to each other on one side of the table with all of us on the other.
"We'll let you know if anything serious is going on," the man says to his daughter.
"Okay, Dad."
"If you're hungry, I have something in the fridge on the top shelf for you," the woman says with a smile. "We might be a while."
"Alright. Thanks, Mom. I'll see all of you later." She bows and leaves us.
"How far in the loop is she?" Erika asks.
"Not far," the man says. "She knows that we do dangerous things as shinobi, and that we're keeping a number of things away from her. She also understands the reasons for that. We're open about that...have to be, anyways. It's the only way to have a functioning family." He sighs. "But...we should get down to business."
"My associates will introduce themselves," Erika says, nodding to us.
"Ino Yamanaka, it's nice meeting you."
"Lilith Kobayashi. A pleasure."
"Oh...that's a shock, to be sure. So you're the Scarlet Viper, right?" he asks me.
"Yes, that I am."
"And...Lord Inoichi's daughter, if I'm not mistaken?"
"Yep, that's my dad," Ino says.
"That's definitely interesting...it also makes this more significant. If it's the likes of you three, then something more will come out of today. More than I would have dared hope before. As for us, I go by the simple name of Brown Bear. Bear is fine on its own if you would like. My wife is designated as Red Wolf, and my daughter is Pink Sparrow."
"Names for not only your protection, but ours," I say.
"Yes, exactly. Wolf and I here met while I was on assignment. She was planning to defect from the Hidden Rock and worked as an informant for the Leaf. While I was in deep cover, we...didn't plan it, but we fell for each other. The rest was history," Bear says.
"He's about as soft as he looks," Wolf says with a smile. "I always say that Bear was pretty apt as a code-name."
"Heh."
"They have spent the last decade and a half embedded in the Hidden Rock's structure and operations. Losing them would be a great blow to our intelligence network, so we would like to keep them safe for that reason, among many others," Erika explains. "Actually, the mission we were just on had us acquire the rights to certain portions of land, ones that would allow for a new trade route to be built."
"So you got your hands on it. I didn't think the old man would order the operation, but I guess he got wind of the papers moving?"
"It seems so."
"Progress is always good," Bear says with a nod. "The reason why I wanted you here today is because something serious has happened. We need to visually confirm the extent of it ourselves, but...well, to sum it up, our side has done something terrible. News about it wouldn't reach the Hokage until it was too late, whether from our own sources or from other entities."
"Our side? What...exactly happened, sir?" Ino asks.
"An unauthorized operation, by members of the Hidden Leaf's special forces. Whether the Hokage had any knowledge of this, I can't say for sure. But I highly doubt it was him. This was the work of another."
"Danzo Shimura," Erika says.
"Even his hounds aren't flawless, and they must have been caught in the act of doing something especially heinous. Faulty intel, plain arrogance, all of those things could change a mission from a simple failure with a retreat to something far worse. I wanted to deliver this information and present the proof to someone trusted. Who else aside from the Chrome Panther herself..."
Chrome Panther. God, that is still so cool.
"Thank you. I am honoured to hear that I am trusted so," Erika says with a tilt of her head downward.
"Respect like that is earned. Same as for your friend here," Bear says with a nod towards me. "With all that said, we would like for you to give us a few minutes and get into some proper clothing. We'll need to travel to the site directly...I've had the area concealed to some extent using barrier arts that Wolf helped with, but we can't keep that up forever. We...will have to clean up the site completely. Oh, right...sorry, Miss Yamanaka. I didn't answer your question in full."
"It's alright."
"What happened was that these unknown operatives had their covers blown. They were attempting to start civil and political unrest within the Hidden Rock, starting from areas on the outskirts of the village. Those people who were poor and disenfranchised because of state policy would be the most susceptible to information campaigns, allegedly. However, the areas chosen were unsuitable for those purposes. Wolf and I authored a report that we sent back to the Leaf, stating that a campaign like this would have a low chance of success and that several adjustments would need to be made in order for it to have even a chance of working. But I guess...Danzo Shimura, or one of his cronies, they must have gotten a hold of those papers, and decided they could achieve greater success by doing everything under a veil of complete secrecy. In the midst of it, something went wrong and..."
Bear pauses for a moment. Wolf rubs his back gently, a worried expression on her face.
"They decided that there could be no witnesses, because of the nature of the operation. So everyone involved was killed. The insurrectionists native to Earth Country, some foreign operators, including from the Leaf, and several Hidden Rock shinobi who had been monitoring everything, assuming correctly that another village was involved. Able-bodied men and women, but also the elderly...and children. Several families were involved, indirectly."
Ino's face pales. "Something like that..."
"It was Wolf who discovered the incident. She listens in on the back channels, while I'm out working and Sparrow is at school. Some investigating led us to...that place. Not even a day after it happened. We set genjutsu traps and used barrier arts to conceal the area as much as we could, for as long as we could. But we knew that we couldn't do it forever. We had to clean it up, and tell someone, anyone about what took place. All of our investigation left no doubts...it was a black operation performed by our countrymen."
"..." Ino is trying to be brave, but I can tell that she's distraught by hearing all of this.
"Our presence will also help here, correct?" Erika asks.
"Yeah. Having five sets of hands over two will speed things up, in addition to everything else. We'll be back in a bit...you guys talk among yourselves and decide what you want to do next. This is a lot to handle for anyone."
Bear and Wolf nod to each other before getting up and leaving the room.
"Are you alright, Ino?" I ask her.
She shakes her head.
"Did you want to talk about it?"
She shakes her head again.
"Alright. If you need anything at all...both of us are here. Please remember that."
She closes her eyes and nods.
"We're ready to go. You all can leave your essentials here, the kid will take care of them for you," Bear says as he returns. He and Wolf are wearing the standard issue ANBU outfits that one would see in the Leaf, complete with appropriately themed masks. They also have large scrolls on their persons. "Got some masks for you as well. Generic oni this time."
"Thank you," Erika says. We put our masks on and signal that we're ready. With little Sparrow watching the house, we should be fine...the five of us leave through the back entrance, hopping down the mountain and towards earth again. We move further east, closer to the Hidden Rock than before and into a dense patch of forest. It seems like a decent place to live in, with a few adjustments.
It's quiet, and a bit tense as we continue to move quietly together. Erika is usually quiet, but Ino...she hasn't said a word since we were at the house. Her body language is different. She seems like she's been drained of a lot of energy, all at once. If we truly are going to the site of a massacre...will she be able to handle it? Is there anything I can do for her?
"Here we are," Wolf announces in her light voice. She clears away a space in the dirt with her foot, and makes the ram seal with her hands. The air in front of us shimmers before an entire set of trees disappears from sight, and an all too familiar scent reaches my nose.
"Blood," I mutter. "So much..."
"Utter cruelty for the sake of it. Things of this nature, they're-"
"It's okay." Bear puts a hand on his wife's shoulder. She lets out a breath and nods.
"I'm sorry."
"You don't need to apologize. But...we need to show these ones what's happened."
"Yes. This way...you will be able to see everything as it was that day, just over a week ago now. Because of the weather, and the climate...the bodies have not deteriorated very much since that time," Wolf explains.
At once, it feels like we've started our descent into a different world. One where spirits and demons roam freely, some upper layer of hell that plays tricks on the human psyche. A dark atmosphere that makes the trees seem to reach high into the clouds, driving us into shadow, the air thick and difficult to breathe in. Much worse than just encountering death; something like a cursed zone where the light constantly pulls backwards and thins into rays, spaced further and further apart as we move.
And then, the bodies appear.
Some face down in the dirt and rock, others lying face up with pained expressions, lamenting their deaths as they hurdled towards them. Blood and ruined steel, weapons flung into trees, signs of struggle. The distinct headbands of those from the Hidden Rock. Shinobi gear, flung about. We continue walking, and those lying on the ground start to change, in form, and in number. People outfitted in facsimiles of combat gear, whipped up from spare clothing and scraps and goods that must have 'fell out of a wagon' somewhere. Mixes of swords, some old and some new, some whole and some damaged. Many remain in the hands of their owners, with only their owners' blood staining them. Cut down before they could realize it. Betrayed in an instant. But even they are small in number compared to the rest.
I see the makeshift settlements.
"This is what...we have wrought. Even if it's not with our hands. We are a part of this," Bear says.
I don't want to look. It hurts. For me, someone who enjoys tearing into her enemies, feeling the rush of battle...this is too much. Who could want something like this? Who could enjoy something so despicable? These people weren't fighters. They weren't enemy combatants. They were just...people.
They had no say in this. None of it...none of it is fair.
But I look. I force myself to look at the bodies on the ground, scattered everywhere. Even those reaching for each other. The mothers and fathers trying to protect their children, shielding them, sacrificing for them...even then, those little ones were cut down without mercy. No witnesses. No survivors.
"Even sadists have their limit," I say. "This was not the work of humans. Whoever did this...they were machines. Beings devoid of any thought or emotion. Simply programmed to complete missions at all costs." If Danzo had gotten his hands on Sasuke...no, even now that is still a dangerous possibility. Something like that would shatter so many people. Naruto, Sakura...Itachi, especially. Hiruzen, too.
"Nearly three hundred in total," Wolf says. "We counted every body three times. I...admit to thinking patronizing things, when I entered the room and saw the three of you."
"I was the same," Bear says. "The three of you are elite soldiers, and you deserve respect for that. You deserve to be treated like the rest of us. But even so...you're all the same age as my daughter. Maybe you are soldiers, but you're also children. To see things like this, to have to be subjected to this sort of pain...isn't it the sort of thing we adults should be shielding you from? It should be us, and us alone...the people who have grown up, and lived life, and had a chance to create memories far removed from this. Instead of kids like you...people who have only been on this earth a short while."
"We understand how you feel," Erika says. "The awareness of these things...it weighs heavy on our hearts. We know that this sort of life, even for children who live as shinobi, is not normal. The things we see and experience...but. We have become resolute. The trust that adults like you have in us, blended with your kindness, have spurred us forward perpetually. This moment especially will change us forever."
"Yes. Though we would never be truly prepared for an event like this, we came with our hearts ready," I say. "I know what it is that I must do now. I know what path I will take...I know now that wishes and prayer are far from enough. I know that things like these will continue to happen, that children will give their lives and take others, over and over and over, and that we cannot reach out and stop it. Not yet. Not in this moment."
"But...but we will. This madness...will end." Ino finally speaks, her hands clenched tightly at her sides. "All of this will be brought down. This...needless cruelty. This suffering. This pain that makes me want to scream and cry all at once. We will stop it, no matter what. And we'll do it in our own way."
"Making this world a better place...yes. This is our solemn vow. To you both, and to everyone in this world who suffers. The pain you feel, and the blood you have shed. None of it will be in vain," Erika says.
"Let it be done. We who carry the mandate of heaven will bring this world forward. The bloody past that we stand on, hovering over the abyss...it will be no more," I say.
"I see. Maybe we were wrong this whole time...treating you as just children who were pressed into service. It seems that three of you are beyond mere mortals like us," Bear says. "In that case...we can start to heal as well, by properly putting these bodies to rest. Wolf, secure the barrier again for a while longer."
"Yes." She makes the same seal as before.
"I have a couple of Fire Release techniques, and Wolf has the ability to use Wind Release."
"Fire Release is within my purview as well," Erika says.
"Good. You can help Wolf and I with disposal of the bodies. We'll do everything we can to cremate them cleanly. Miss Yamanaka and Miss Kobayashi, if they're okay with it...they can go and collect as many personal items and tools as possible - that's what the big scrolls we have are for. Once that's done, we can haul them back and start cross-referencing them with the list of reported missing people that we have already. I don't think we'll get everyone, but...the least we could do is try to return what we can to the families. We'll start off doing collection together, then we can split off into groups once we have enough bodies to start on...the plan is to get this done by the end of today, before anyone can get a read on what's happened. Rock shinobi have started snooping around this section of forest since two days ago. Everyone okay with that?"
"Yes, sir," we all say in unison.
"Alright. Good luck, and remember that we don't have a hard deadline. If you need to take a break, take one. This isn't easy work in the slightest."
We start together on the first of our grim tasks...searching bodies quickly for any obvious items of value or unusual possessions that can be stored away for later. Bear takes two of the massive scrolls from the place on his back and rolls them out, while Wolf rolls out one of hers. One is for money and things like minerals or precious metals. The other is for more personal things - jewellery, photographs, charms and dolls...things that people saw as more valuable than anything else. The temporary lodgings were empty and many travel bags are on the ground. Wolf says that there was an order for evacuation, a false one that was used as an excuse to gather many people in one place so that they could be executed faster. The last scroll is for weapons. Those are likely to be sent away so that they can be melted down.
There is no banter this time as we work. Everyone is quiet. The oppressive atmosphere from earlier is lifting, and I feel like I can breathe much easier. Light comes down from the trees, and the heaviness on my heart is easing. Determination is driving me forward, as it must be doing for everyone else here. Wolf, Erika, and Bear soon start on their cremation efforts. Erika and Bear burn the bodies while Wolf guides the remains into a makeshift pit that is sealed almost all the way around.
"You alright, Lili?"
My head snaps up to face Ino. I can't see her expression behind the oni mask, but her body language says that she's stronger than before. I'm happy for that much.
"Very much so. And yourself?"
"I'm okay. Feeling determined to see this through."
"I can tell."
"Thanks for earlier...being patient with me. I was just...lost for a while."
"It's nothing to be ashamed of. I love you and always will. That's why I'm going to be there for you, Ino."
"Yeah. You say it a lot, but...it's always reassuring to hear. Thank you, Lili. Let's get back to it, yeah?"
"Yes. Let's do that."
Getting past the terrible smells is one of the harder parts of this. My nose is sensitive enough as it is. But I manage, and continue working steadily along with Ino. A few of my small companions are employed to help cut down some of the work, slithering in and out of pockets to retrieve items. We encounter unpleasant sights and sounds of all kinds, but continue to endure for the sake of our companions. Eventually, we move outward and collect a multitude of combat gear in bundles, bringing it back towards the scroll before heading out again. We keep our eyes and ears open for any intruders, or anyone simply searching the area. Nothing comes up, which bodes well for us.
Item collection ends. Ino and I pick up bodies, starting from the furthest point, and bring them back towards the middle of the settlement so that they can be burned along with the others. The corpses start to become younger and younger as we work.
"Last one," Bear says.
Erika quietly carries a small body forward, setting it down in the makeshift pit. She folds his arms over his chest and sets down an object. It's...a wooden boat.
"I suppose...he wanted to sail one day, in the future."
"I suppose so. Maybe, in a distant dream...he will get that chance again," I say.
"Ready, Miss Kotowari?" Bear asks.
"I am ready. We can begin."
They weave handseals before spewing out jets of flame from opposite ends. Wolf manipulates the wind so that the flames are stoked higher, shifting and lightening in colour. A process that normally takes about one or two hours is cut down to minutes as a result. The intense heat dies down, and Wolf guides the remains into the sealed container created earlier.
"A return to the earth from where all life came. Ash to ash and dust to dust."
She weaves a series of seals, and the earth rumbles as the sealed container descends into it, taking the remains inside downwards. The resulting hole collapses in on itself. All five of us stand together and silently pray for the lost souls. This should help them find peace.
We seal the personal possessions and weapons, handing the large scrolls back to Bear and Wolf.
"Time to put an end to this, for good," Bear says.
"Dropping barrier," Wolf replies. Bear scatters a set of explosive tags through the area.
"We'll split up for now. Meet you guys back at the house."
The very last thing to do is destroy the small settlement. All of the evidence will be consumed by flame, and those who will come to investigate will not have any leads. A random fire that overran an abandoned place in the woods...a silent, lonely end to a terrible atrocity.
Each of us runs at the sounds of the first explosion, shooting out in different directions. More sound off, one after the other. The smell of burning wood fades away as I move into the distance. Though...I won't forget this experience. The scents are embedded in my mind. They spur me forward...towards a future where we will no longer be party to this cruelty. It's so hard to be patient, knowing what I know. But I will be patient. My steps from now on will lead me towards that goal, the one that I've been trying to avoid for some time now because I kept thinking that I was unworthy of it. But those feelings...they don't matter any more. They can't matter, not after seeing this terrible sight.
Perhaps I don't feel confident enough to say it to the world...but inside of my heart, I know.
I will lead this world one day. I will become Hokage.
"Thanks for your help. It means far more than you know right now."
We've returned to the family home in the mountains, where our hosts get into their casual clothing again. Some tea and a light snack before we head off, this time going straight home. Bear has prepared a report which he hands to Erika, and the five of us acknowledge each other with bows. It's night by now, and travel will be less of a hassle now that all of our objectives have been completed.
"Oh...are you sure we can have this?"
"Of course. It's the least we could do for you. At least, I think so," I say.
Wolf looks at the mineral chunk in her hands with awe.
"I can...feel the energy flowing through me. And you say we only need small shavings of it at most?"
"Yes. It is quite potent, according to what we know," Erika says.
"Looks neat. We'll be sure to make use of it while we can," Bear says as he takes the piece in one hand. "Ah...yeah, you're right. I feel my muscles relaxing. Wow. Maybe I can sprinkle a few bits on my salad from time to time, heh."
"You eat enough strange things as it is," Wolf teases.
"Hey, come on. Not in front of the kids."
"We'll send you off before he says something too strange to take back."
"Ouch."
"Both of you take care now," Ino says with a smile. "We might come back and check on you, once we take the reins of power and all that."
"Are you sure that you're okay?" Wolf asks.
"I'm sure. I feel way more determined than ever, after seeing all that. One day, we'll make a real change. You guys said earlier that adults are supposed to be the ones to endure that kind of suffering. Well, maybe we can make it so that adults can enjoy life to the fullest as well. And nobody has to go through that sort of thing while we're around."
"That sounds nice. A world with a lot less killing," Bear muses.
"A world where your little sparrow can raise your grandchildren," I say.
"Something like that is worth more than fighting for," Wolf says. "All of you, take care...we will pray for you."
We all come together for a hug, and reluctantly part. Sparrow meets us at the front door, and we exchange bows with her.
"Mom and Dad look a lot better than before. Whatever it was you did...thank you so much."
"Of course. Take care, won't you?" I say to her. "You have a shining new world to look forward to in the future, this I promise you."
"I'll be waiting," she says with a smile. "Thanks again. Have a safe journey home."
We leave the mountain home, going through the pass and down towards level ground again.
"So, Scarlet Viper...I can see that you have decided to forge ahead at last."
Erika's voice reaches me as we start our run.
"Perhaps so."
"I will wait for your order, as promised. And I will be ready when the time comes."
"I see."
"Same here," Ino says. "And it won't be just us, but...we've witnessed this together. Right here is where it all begins."
"..."
There really is no turning back, then. If it's for the sake of a dream, these two stubborn girls won't let me give up on it. And the others would be the same.
Sorry, Naruto. As much as I love you...you're going to have to chase me down for that hat.
"You have nothing to fear. All of the faith you have in me won't go to waste. I promise."


Chapter 108
Scarlet Justice - ep. 108"Forward Thinking"
Our mission came to a quiet end.
Tsunade was quite happy with her new acquisition, as it will mean much less work at a higher efficiency overall. There will also be many an opportunity to research the mineral and create new things out of it. The three of us get a check-up and are given a clean bill of health.
The Hokage gets our report. There is a great regret in his eyes as he realizes what has happened – we say nothing, knowing that there is a lot of process when it comes to these sorts of things. He thanks us for our service and praises our skilful completion of the primary mission. The Tsuchikage called a few hours earlier and aired his suspicions while bandying about various threats if he found that the Leaf was responsible for what happened. Of course, it will all amount to nothing but bluster since he has no proof. We are dismissed after getting our mission pay directly from the old man, and assurances that what we saw will be investigated as thoroughly as possible. I don't doubt that it will be, but it will certainly take some time to deal with...
As for life in the village, it is becoming...normal again, I would say. The past few months have gone by quickly enough, and though I still vividly remember that terrible experience with my father, it no longer rules me like it used to. I am very much making a way for myself again. I have my family and friends to thank...and of course, my beloved mother who continues to watch over me from the heavens. The weeks pass by, and Fio is getting more and more used to life in the village. She likes to put hair into twin-tails these days, resting on her shoulders. It makes her look cute and youthful, so I more than approve. She's also been eating fairly well, and I can see that her face is getting a bit more plump. This is quite good, since it means that she's holding onto a bit of weight. Tsunade says there's still more work to be done, but progress is a wonderful thing. Fio has yet to meet her new team, but she's as excited as she was the day we walked into the village together. In the meantime, she is doing the same things that Team Eight used to: lower rank missions that allow her to get in touch with the village's people. I hear nothing but good reports.
New adventures will call to me soon enough. For now, I will let the winds take me where they choose.
The world is waking up from its winter slumber. It is finally, truly spring.
With spring comes a great warmth in Fire Country, making it feel closer to summer on some days. People are out and about, the flowers start to bloom, and the once slow moving village is returning to its normal speed. Active shinobi never stop training, but the days of extended indoor sessions are over for most. The training fields are lively again. Soldiers young and old head out to polish their skills, facing down nature and all of its variables.
I am taking the opportunity today to rest, with the people close to me.
"Aw, come on...that was a lucky shot, Yuno."
"Dude, that was super clean. I ran a super good lap, too."
Today is one of my days off, and it's the same for Naruto and Yuno. We're inside the former's home, where the boys play their video games to relax while I cook a healthy lunch. It seems the Senju Estate has been lending out various likenesses for entertainment purposes. Which makes sense, I suppose. Nobody in their right mind would misuse the image of say, Hashirama for profit, lest they have unexpected visitors showing up on their doorsteps. Still. I have to wonder what the Second Hokage would think of being digitized for the purposes of driving a small, motorized vehicle and jostling again other cartoon characters in absurd sorts of races. It's called Tobirama Kart. With a 'k', to be hip and youthful, I suppose.
Fun game, though. Well. It helps that I'm pretty good at it. Winning and being smug are obviously the most fun parts.
"Finish up your match, darlings. Lunch is ready."
"Alright, we're heading into the last lap!" Naruto calls back.
I start plating the food as they finish. Today's meal is pan-seared salmon with some spiced up white rice. The boys finish up and turn off the television before coming to the table. Yuno has been dressing quite confidently lately, with Nami helping to find clothing that emphasizes his figure a bit. A nice and slim red sweater that comes up above the waist, paired with the cute skirt and stockings I remembered. It's lovely to see that he's so comfortable now.
"Tell me what you think. Hopefully it isn't too spicy," I say.
"Mm! Not at all, this is awesome!" Yuno says.
"Yeah, Lili always knocks it out of the park. I was super looking forward to this," Naruto says while chewing.
"You've got two hotties cooking for you. Totally living the dream, right?"
"Heh...something like that, I guess."
"I'm actually gonna head on out once lunch is done with. Did you want to hang onto the game, Naruto?"
"Nah, take it with you. I might get distracted and junk, there's something that Pervy Sage wants me to look into when I have time. Easier to put down the watering can than it is the controller, you know?"
"I hear you."
"Did you have an errand to run?" I ask Yuno, sitting down with my own food.
"Oh, yeah. You remember the stuff I was talking to you about the other day? About chakra research and how it was advancing, all that? Nami got me in on the ground floor of a little program starting up. They're talking about shinobi tools, something that's...ah, ten? Fifteen years out? Something like that. But yeah, we were talking the other day...well, you know what I mean by that."
"Perhaps a word or two in edgewise before she gets herself going again."
"Exactly. But she's fascinating to listen to, honestly. So we were talking about the applications of chakra in traditional building materials, and the proliferation of new building techniques...it really got me thinking about the applications of chakra in support applications and outside of combat. I couldn't stop reading books, I was just...I dunno, it got a hold of me all of a sudden. So I'm still going to work on things like chakra applications in combat and medical aspects, but hopefully with this I can get myself settled into a proper research role. Nami says I have the chops."
"Does she? Well, consider that among the highest praises you'll receive in life. Things like that aren't said lightly, especially by the Hyuuga."
"I figured as much, since she was really intense and all while talking to me. I'm actually so excited to get into it..."
"So you're gonna be a chakra scientist? That sounds super cool," Naruto says. "Maybe you could build a cool robot arm."
Yuno chuckles. "That might be one application. Especially if we're all still out fighting as shinobi. Being able to restore function to a part of your body that was once lost...I'm sure many people will be grateful for it. There are so many possibilities...hey, maybe you could have me do some work for you when you get to be Hokage." He winks at me. "Or you, Lili. Whoever makes it to the big chair first, hehe."
"At this point we're set to make a race out of it," Naruto says, grinning. "Kakashi-sensei will probably get in there before any of us. Or Asuma-sensei, probably. Pervy Sage says he doesn't want any parts of it."
"Too much work?"
Naruto shrugs. "He's always all mysterious about it. I mean he knew the Fourth, so...I dunno, maybe something happened that put him off it."
"Well, not everyone wants to be Hokage, especially once they've been around long enough to know what the job is like. And it's probably an intense selection process."
"Yeah, probably."
"With all that said...I'm done eating. Lili, thanks so much. You're an amazing cook."
"It was nothing, my dear. We'll surely do this again soon," I say with a smile. "I can take care of your plate when I'm done, so leave it where it is."
"Got it. Naruto, I'll see you around."
"Yep." They bump fists before Yuno comes around to hug me.
"I'll be sure to give you a call, Lili."
"I'm looking forward to it. If you don't catch me at a good time, you can leave a message with Fio."
"Right. Take care, you guys."
Yuno packs up the video game console into his small bag, pulls on his sandals, and heads out.
"I was expecting it to be the three of us, but...I suppose this works as well," I say out loud.
"Eh? Something up, Lili?"
"Yes. I have something that I want to go over with you. A little bit of advanced technique. Would you be interested?"
"New tech with a super elite shinobi? Heh, who says no? I'm down if you are," Naruto says.
"Good. It won't be too long, and there won't be much physical exertion if any. There's also something I want to talk to you about before we do any sort of teaching. But finish your food properly first and let it settle. No sense in walking around in discomfort."
"Gotcha."
We finish our meal and chase it with some tea before settling down. After about an hour, the two of us grab our sweaters and head outside, into the warm spring afternoon. It's a very comfortable day, I would say.
"Did, uh...did the thing you needed to talk about...?"
"It's nothing too sensitive," I say to Naruto as we walk. "But...I think it's better if we find somewhere to stop and chat. So we can really listen to each other."
"Ah, okay. Makes sense."
We walk through the village quietly, and I guide us towards a certain spot. The third training ground, where Team Seven goes to regularly hone their skills.
"You chose here?"
"Yes. It...has a meaning right now," I say as we come to a stop. In front of us is the memorial stone, with a flag bearing the village's symbol blowing in the breeze. Many names are inscribed here. Not of every single person who died, no...but those who made the most notable sacrifices for the sake of the village. There's that name here...the one that Kakashi looks at every time he stands in this spot. Obito Uchiha. "Naruto...your dream is to become Hokage, isn't it?"
"Sure is. I'm working my butt off to try and get there, as fast as I can."
"That's good. When I said that I would stand with you, in hopes that you would reach that dream...I meant every word that I said."
"Well, I know that already. Like, duh."
"Yes...it's just that...something inside of me has changed."
"Changed?"
"I kept telling myself that I wasn't the right person. That because I could only sever and destroy, my role was somewhere in the shadows, standing next to the real leader of this village and serving them with all of my strength. I wasn't hoping to become subservient, but I assumed that I had a function, and that I would be best served sticking to it. My view of myself was as a blade of justice, being wielded by those with pure hearts in order to see this world brought into a new age, an age of order and peace, one of beautiful, infinite possibilities for everyone. I still see myself that way, and I'm willing to do whatever my precious people ask whenever they call for me. But...one day, I have to go beyond that. I have to become a living, autonomous weapon that submits to no one in this world. An elegant sword that cuts through the fabric of fate, with heaven's brilliant strength."
"..." Naruto thinks for a moment. "That's...are you saying that you're going for it? Being Hokage?"
"Yes. It's no longer a matter of wishing, or hoping that I fit, or taking the job reluctantly. I will become Hokage, Naruto. And I won't let anyone stop me on the way there. I want to gain experience, and wisdom beyond measure. There will be a time of preparation as I become an adult, one visible to the masses. After that, I will reach out and take hold of what belongs to me. The reason I needed to tell you this is because of what I said all that time ago."
"My dream to be Hokage one day..."
"Yes."
"I totally get what you're thinking." He puts his hands in his pockets. "But it's nothing like that, you know? It doesn't feel like you're betraying me, or taking something away from me. Nothing like that. Probably...it would feel that way because we know each other, and you're really far ahead of me. Right?"
"That's exactly it."
"Yeah, don't worry about that. Healthy competition is always nice," he says with a smile. "And there's more than one way to get to the goal, like I've always said to myself. But I'm not saying this stuff just to be nice, you get me?"
I nod. "Mm-hm."
"There's...something that came back to my thoughts just now, since we've started talking about this. You remember the day we got our team assignments, Lili?"
I nod. "Yes, I do. It was quite a shock seeing you there, and then another to have you paired up with Sasuke and Sakura."
"Yeah, wasn't it? Heck of a day, and one that I won't ever forget. Not for that reason, though."
"Oh?"
"You and I had that talk. About how I was pretty irresponsible, and learning the Shadow Clone Jutsu, and how I had value and all that. And then you said those words...the ones that I've kept in my heart every day since. That I would always be Naruto to you."
"I did say that. I meant it with all of my heart."
"I know, Lili. That's part of why I treasure them so much. My reasons for becoming Hokage were...I guess to get fame and respect. Those things that I never had because people hated me and I wasn't all that good at being a shinobi. I thought that once I got the highest position in the village, all of that would change. The girls would be all over me instead of guys like Sasuke, I'd get to do what I wanted, nobody would get to shoo me or kick me out of any place in the village...I would be on top of the world. That was what kept me going. But, well...since I met you, my thinking's changed a whole lot. I started asking myself why I really wanted to be Hokage, and what that would really mean for me. I started thinking about what I would actually do with that sort of power. And for a while, I had no answers to those questions."
"Have you found them by now?" I ask.
"A few...like protecting the village that I care about so much, and the people in it. Especially the ones I like. I still want to prove everyone wrong about me, of course. So that's another one. But I'm not quite there yet. What about you, Lili? Why do you want to be Hokage?"
"The reason above all else is...to change the state of this world. This fragile balance that we live within is unsustainable. There needs to be a change towards something new, something safer. I believe that I will grow strong enough to alter the path that we are all on. And with a new world, we could have peace. Perhaps...if we dream big enough, it would be the end of great conflict in this world altogether."
"So you want to become Hokage...because from there you can make the world a better place."
"Yes. I know that I can't do it alone, but...it would be a great start."
"Heh. That's way more than what I've got right now."
"You're still young, Naruto. Give yourself time to figure everything out. Your dreams might not change, but the things behind them will. And who knows...while I'm building myself up, you might become Hokage ahead of me. You're still growing, and splendidly at that."
"Aw, shucks. You mean that?" he asks, rubbing the back of his head.
"Yes. You've become much more introspective as of late, and the way you can articulate your thoughts just like you did now...well, I'm quite proud of you. And glad that you understand my goals."
"Yeah. If I had to put it some way...it's like, I really want to become Hokage. Nothing about that is going to change. But because of what I have now, if that dream doesn't come true...I won't be so broken up, not like I would have been before. I have so many people who love and care about me now, and they're the reason I get up in the mornings. That one dream isn't my entire life anymore. So if I ever need to...I can let go."
"..." I have to wonder where this is coming from. It couldn't be me, and I have my doubts about Jiraiya. Naruto has grown so much, more than I could have anticipated. The sort of composure and wisdom that he's displaying right now is making me think...if not Hokage, he could become someone just as vital to changing the world we live in, in another role that I just can't see right now.
"But like I said, I'm not giving up on that dream of mine. Plus, you're gonna need someone like me to keep you honest!"
"Mm? But I'm always honest," I tease.
"Oh, you know what I mean! I'm gonna keep you sharp as your rival and everything. I mean, yeah...I might be a few steps behind...but-but, that's not the important thing."
"I understand. Pushing each other towards the top," I say.
"Yeah, exactly!"
"Well, then. I will be looking forward to your challenges as they come, Naruto." We smile and bump fists.
"Great. I appreciate you telling me all of that, Lili. I really think that if anyone can change the world, it's you. So good luck, you know?"
"Thank you, my love."
"Yep! Oh, so you had something you wanted to show me, right?"
"I did. Let's head over to those logs so that I can do this properly."
We make the short trip over and I stand in front of Naruto.
"Now...we need to establish something here. Something important, and that's the reality of your situation."
"Oh yeah? How's that?"
"Well...let me start off by saying that you're a good child, and that I love you very much..."
He rolls his eyes. "Here we go..."
"Hush and let me finish. I love you very much, but you occasionally have a bag of rocks in place of your brain."
"You got real creative ways of calling people stupid, Lili."
"But of course. A mastery of language is only natural for an elite such as myself."
"Yeah, yeah...so I'm not the brightest guy, I figured that much out." He sighs. "What's that got to do with this? I guess some sort of easy to use jutsu?"
"We are going to refine a technique that you have right now. And your brain is going to be the key. What you lack in intellect, you more than make up for with ingenuity. That, my love, is where your brilliance comes from."
He perks up. "Brilliance? Me?"
"Yes, truly. If we compare you to Shikamaru, he is obviously the more intelligent one. He has an ability to plan several moves ahead, and quickly devise strategies in the heat of battle, given some time and space. His foresight is impeccable. But...if he is faced with an opponent that is far and away superior to him, there is nothing he can do about it. Even he has his limits, and intelligence is not a solution to every problem. You are different, and not just for the obvious reasons. You have energy, tenacity, and creativity – the ability to go outside the boundaries that we can see, and create something where it seems nothing was there in the first place. It is what makes you, you."
"So...a jutsu that I already have, and it makes use of my creativity?"
"You have already been doing that, actually. It's the technique you used to earn your title as a shinobi."
"Ah! You mean the Shadow Clone!"
"Yes, exactly. There is an element to it that I want to show to you, one that I believe you haven't considered before. But once you figure it out, and master it, I think that you will become even more brilliant than you are now."
"That's...whoa." He blinks a few times. "I didn't think that was possible...alright, so what do I have to do?"
"Let's go over the basics first. What do you know about your technique, Naruto?" I ask.
"Hmm...well, the Shadow Clone Jutsu is a clone jutsu, which is like, duh. But it's not like any other clone jutsu. The one we learned in the Academy doesn't make real clones, ones that you can touch. And the others are made up of elements and junk. Like Zabuza's Water Clones, which...what did Sakura say...right, they're about ten percent of the user's power. Shadow Clones, though...they make honest to goodness copies of you. But there's a big risk, 'cause to do that it splits your chakra into equal portions for each clone. So one clone has about half your chakra, and two would have a third, and so on. That's bad because your chakra runs low after a while."
"Good, good. Keep going."
"So because I have a lot of chakra, I can make a whole lot of clones without the risk that other people have. Shadow Clones can do anything that the person who makes them can. They're useful for a lot of things, like big attacks, or distractions, or protecting people. And they've got use in other ways, like how I use one to help me make the Rasengan. They act and think just like I do, so they'll make decisions along the same lines. They can use the jutsu that I use. That's...about it, I think?"
I nod. "Alright. So...what happens when you disperse your clones?"
"Disperse? You mean send them away...nothing really, I guess. Pervy Sage said that the chakra that isn't used up goes back to me. Though sometimes I don't get the chance and they get sorta pop on their own. That happens."
"The Shadow Clone technique was first developed by the Second Hokage."
"Really? Whoa...I guess that's why it was in that forbidden scroll."
"That, and the Mass Shadow Clone Jutsu – the variant that you favour most – uses so much chakra that it is particularly harmful to the user. I'm sure that Jiraiya has mentioned more than once that what you're using is a kinjutsu."
"Really? Nah, he hasn't mentioned it...weird."
I frown. That's...just a bit irresponsible on his part, surely. Perhaps he has his reasons, though. It's a minor thing for now. "Well, we can talk about that some other time. Levelling up your technique means that you have to do something that you haven't considered before. We're going to do a very simple exercise, and I'm going to teach you. Are you ready?"
"Born ready."
"Good. Now, make two clones for me."
Naruto nods and makes the Tiger seal, creating two clones in puffs of smoke.
"I will attach labels to these two fellows. The darling on your left will be called Alpha, and the darling on your right will be called Prime. We will keep to that convention for the duration of this experiment. I would like Alpha to head to the leftmost log and stand behind it. Prime, please do so for the rightmost log. Naruto and I will head back a bit further."
The copies do as I ask, and Naruto walks back a few feet with me.
"Now, we will get ourselves started. I have these blank cards. I am going to write a character on two of them, and we will see what happens. Stay here, and don't move. I will have instructions for you upon my return."
"Alright, got it."
I nod and head back towards Alpha, writing the character for 'four' on a card and handing it to him.
"Hold onto this. Look at it, and memorize it. Simple enough, yes?"
"Uh, yeah. What's going on, exactly?"
"You'll see soon enough."
I head over to Prime and do the same thing, this time using the character for 'eight'.
"Remember the number you have there. It will just be a moment," I say.
"Sure."
I head back to Naruto. "Okay, love. Now...I want you to disperse your clones."
"Eh?"
"Trust me, okay?"
"Okay..." He gives me a skeptical look and makes a seal. I can sense the clones disappearing, and Naruto looks at me before shrugging. "So...what next?"
"What did you find out?"
"What did I..." His eyes widen. "Four and eight. Those were what was on those cards you handed my clones..."
"Well done."
"I didn't know I could do that...I really was just throwing clones around, then. And then the ones I used for stuff, they were close by, so I really wouldn't get new info anyways..."
"One more time. Make another pair of clones, and we'll have them go into the same positions as before. I'll do something a little different."
We repeat the experiment, with things changing for the second run. Alpha and I play three games of janken, with him winning two of them. Prime meanwhile is asked to memorize the position of two objects in my hands, one being a coin in my left hand, and the other a stone in my right. The original Naruto is to identify both objects and locate the coin. I head back to Naruto and have him disperse the clones again.
"How did our game go?" I ask.
"Uh...Alpha there won two outta three. He got you with rock and scissors. You won once with scissors."
"Very good. And now...you will name the objects concealed in my hands, and locate the correct one from my instruction."
"You have a rock and a ten ryo coin. The rock's in your right hand, and the coin is definitely in your left."
I smile and open my hands, revealing both objects.
"Well done, Naruto. I'm very proud of you."
"Thanks, Lili. So...I can use clones to make observations and stuff?"
"I believe that this was one of the primary applications of the technique, seeing as the Second Hokage was such an elite operator. One can send clones into enemy territory, with all of their own abilities, have them locate an object or enemy, and then disperse themselves to send the chakra and information back to the user," I explain. "You can send chakra to them, causing changes of all types. But something like that can be used against you as well – hence the emergency mechanism of dispersing when physically damaged enough. Things like that are not transferred to the user. Concentration is also important."
"Do you think I can have, like, a bunch of different conversations at once? Like being everywhere all the time?"
"Yes. That is possible with enough practice. However...you need to be very careful. Remember what I said about your brain power? I was teasing you a bit, but there really is a danger in it. Processing all of that information can be very tiring and stressful. If your focus is split into too many directions, you can easily become exhausted and lose control, disrupting all of your clones in the process. I imagine you've experienced that more than once, taking a particularly nasty blow and having your clones disappear all at the same time."
"Yeah, that's happened. And I can't use them while I'm asleep either...I tried that on a mission once, and Kakashi-sensei said he figured it would happen. My clone disappeared as soon as I shut my eyes."
"Now that you're aware of this jutsu's extra function...make use of it when you can. Getting a good read on your opponent, figuring out obstacles from a distance, things like that can make a real difference, on and off the battlefield. Perhaps you would have figured it out eventually, but I thought that I could do something to help now instead of later."
"I see..." He looks down at his hands before clenching them into fists. "Yeah. I'll be sure to make use of this."
"You will. I know you will. Let's head home."
"Got it. Oh, wait a minute. You were saying something the other day, weren't you?"
"The other day...I don't recall what you mean. Was it recent?" I ask.
"Sorta. Remember when I showed you the Rasengan, and you said you felt like there was something you were missing?"
"Ah, that. I was just musing to myself, it's nothing you need to worry about. I was comparing it to the Chidori in my head...the properties and such. That's something that we can talk about later, if Jiraiya doesn't teach you first. I suspect he will."
"What is it?"
"I'm not going to say. You know how you get."
"What's that mean?" he asks as we start on our way home.
"It means things like you eating charcoal to gain access to fire jutsu."
"I thought it was real, okay? And it was one time..."
"Once is enough. You get impatient sometimes."
He pouts at me. "Hey, easy for you to say. Which one of us is the genius here?"
"Oh, I almost forgot..."
"Forgot what? In the middle of a conversa-"
I kiss him on the cheek and hug him tightly.
"L-Lili...?"
"You really are special to me, and I'm so very proud of you. I just wanted to remind you of that, Naruto. I love you."
"I...I love you too, Lili. Thanks..."
I remember the moment we met. How we came from opposite sides of the world, but both felt how cold and lonely life could be. And then we started to get closer and closer to each other, until...we became like this. It's something that I am eternally grateful for. A bond that I would do anything to protect.
One of many, many reasons that I want to reach for the stars. I don't want to lose this feeling, or anything else. I'll make sure it doesn't happen.

